Crazy “Nancy Pelosi, you are a weak person. You are a poor leader. You are the reason America hates career politicians, like yourself.” She is totally incompetent & controlled by the Radical Left, a weak and pathetic puppet. Come back to Washington and do your job!
. Poll “Gives President Trump a 52 % Approval Rating in North Carolina, and a seven point lead over ( Sleepy ) Joe Biden. The President also helps other Republican Candidates, including, who has a 4 % lead over his Democrat rival.”
White House news conference today at 5:30 P. M. Eastern. Thank you!
We are having very productive calls with the leaders of every sector of the economy who are all-in on getting America back to work, and soon. More to come! #MAGA
My condolences to the Steinbrenner family, and the entire Organization, on the passing of Hank Steinbrenner. He was a friend and will be missed greatly by all!
#ThanksForDelivering!
Our GREAT Senator from South Carolina, just released a fantastic new book, “OPPORTUNITY KNOCKS: How Hard Work, Community, and Business Can Improve Lives and End Poverty.” Get your copy today!
“The Art of an Oil Deal”

White House news conference today at 5:45 P. M. Eastern. Thank you!
My Administration is committed to protecting the Homeland from the scourge of narco-terrorists and traffickers seeking to destabilize the United States and our Hemisphere. Our military deployments in the Caribbean & Eastern Pacific will endure until these threats are neutralized!
Tell the Democrat Governors that “Mutiny On The Bounty” was one of my all time favorite movies. A good old fashioned mutiny every now and then is an exciting and invigorating thing to watch, especially when the mutineers need so much from the Captain. Too easy!
GET RID OF BALLOT HARVESTING, IT IS RAMPANT WITH FRAUD. THE USA MUST HAVE VOTER I. D., THE ONLY WAY TO GET AN HONEST COUNT!
Cuomo’s been calling daily, even hourly, begging for everything, most of which should have been the state’s responsibility, such as new hospitals, beds, ventilators, etc. I got it all done for him, and everyone else, and now he seems to want Independence! That won’t happen!
The Democrats don’t want to approve more money for our great workers under the incredibly successful “Paycheck” plan. Replenish Account Now!

My deepest sympathies go out to Frieda Chera and the family of the late, great, Stanley Chera, one of Manhattan’s most brilliant real estate minds. Stanley was charitable, kind, and a wonderful friend. He will be truly missed!
First the Fake News Media said that it’s not fair for the President of the United States to be giving news conferences, but it is the only way I can reach the American People, as seen in the below poll.
White House news conference today at 5:00 P. M. Eastern. Thank you!
... It is the decision of the President, and for many good reasons. With that being said, the Administration and I are working closely with the Governors, and this will continue. A decision by me, in conjunction with the Governors and input from others, will be made shortly!
For the purpose of creating conflict and confusion, some in the Fake News Media are saying that it is the Governors decision to open up the states, not that of the President of the United States & the Federal Government. Let it be fully understood that this is incorrect...
... disaster, the Energy Industry will be strong again, far faster than currently anticipated. Thank you to all of those who worked with me on getting this very big business back on track, in particular Russia and Saudi Arabia.
Having been involved in the negotiations, to put it mildly, the number that OPEC + is looking to cut is 20 Million Barrels a day, not the 10 Million that is generally being reported. If anything near this happens, and the World gets back to business from the Covid 19...
The story is a Fake, just like the “paper” itself. I was criticized for moving too fast when I issued the China Ban, long before most others wanted to do so. told me nothing until later, and Peter Navarro memo was same as Ban ( see his statements ). Fake News!
I am working hard to expose the corruption and dishonesty in the Lamestream Media. That part is easy, the hard part is WHY?
The story is a Fake, just like the “paper” itself. I was criticized for moving too fast when I issued the China Ban, long before most others wanted to do so. told me nothing until later, and memo was same as Ban ( see his statements ). Fake News!
Thank you Paris!
Thank you!
I look forward to it also!
Great going Natalie!
Sorry Fake News, it’s all on tape. I banned China long before people spoke up. Thank you
Fake News!
Governors, get your states testing programs & apparatus perfected. Be ready, big things are happening. No excuses! The Federal Government is there to help. We are testing more than any country in the World. Also, gear up with Face Masks!
The Opposition Party ( Lamestream Media ) and their partner, the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, have put their political game plan in full swing. “Whether he is right or wrong, it doesn’t matter. Criticize ’ Trump ’ for everything, and don’t let the public see Biden. Hide him.”
If the Fake News Opposition Party is pushing, with all their might, the fact that President Trump “ignored early warnings about the threat, ” then why did Media & Dems viciously criticize me when I instituted a Travel Ban on China? They said “ early & not necessary.” Corrupt Media!
Just watched Mike Wallace wannabe, Chris Wallace, on. I am now convinced that he is even worse than Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Press ( please! ), or the people over at Deface the Nation. What the hell is happening to. It’s a whole new ballgame over there!
The big Oil Deal with OPEC Plus is done. This will save hundreds of thousands of energy jobs in the United States. I would like to thank and congratulate President Putin of Russia and King Salman of Saudi Arabia. I just spoke to them from the Oval Office. Great deal for all!
For the first time in history there is a fully signed Presidential Disaster Declaration for all 50 States. We are winning, and will win, the war on the Invisible Enemy!



Great businessman & philanthropist Bernie Marcus, Co-Founder of Home Depot, said that Congress was too distracted by the ( phony ) Impeachment Witch Hunt when they should have been investigating CoronaVirus when it first appeared in China. Media played a big roll also! @dcexaminer
Great businessman & philanthropist Bernies Marcus, Co-Founder of Home Depot, said that Congress was too distracted by the ( phony ) Impeachment Witch Hunt when they should have been investigating CoronaVirus when it first appeared in China. Media played a big roll also! @dcexaminer
HAPPY EASTER!
A very good sign is that empty hospital beds are becoming more and more prevalent. We deployed 418 Doctors, Nurses and Respiratory Therapists from the hospital ship Comfort and the Javits Convention Center to hospitals in NYC & State. Have more bed capacity than was needed. Good!
HAPPY EASTER!

Will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P. M. Eastern on!
Cryin ’ Chuck doesn’t have a clue. Couldn’t care less about the American Worker!
Mail in ballots substantially increases the risk of crime and VOTER FRAUD!
Will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P. M. Eastern on!
So now the Fake News is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
Governor of California has been very nice & highly supportive about the great job we have done, working together, for California. That is the good news, but this is the bad. He is unfairly under attack by the Radical Left Dems, MSDNC etc. He is strong! Will he fold?
I will be watching. HAVE A GREAT EASTER!
The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board doesn’t have a clue on how to fight and win. Their views on Tariffs & Trade are losers for the U. S., but winners for other countries, including China. If we followed their standards, we ’ d have no Country left. They should love Sleepy Joe!
So now the Fake News is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder where the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
So now the Fake News is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
Watching on weekend afternoons is a total waste of time. We now have some great alternatives, like.
“The President and the Federal Government are doing an excellent job. When they say the death toll isn’t going to be as high as reported, they ( the opposition ) act like they’re sad because it’s lower. I think they are ( Press Conferences ) wonderful.” West Virginia Resident, C Span
Great editorial by!
Wishing all a safe and blessed Easter Sunday. I will be tuning into Pastor at Church in Dallas, Texas tomorrow morning at 10:20 AM Eastern.
WE WILL BUILD IT AGAIN!
... Does anyone ever notice how few quotes from an actual person are given nowadays by the Lamestream Media. Very seldom. The unnamed or anonymous sources are almost always FAKE NEWS.
When the Failing or Amazon writes a story saying “unnamed sources said ”, or any such phrase where a person’s name is not used, don’t believe them. Most of these unnamed sources don’t exist. They are made up to defame & disparage. They have no “ source”...
... economy was shuttered. This is unprecedented, it is unsettling and challenging but, we will rise to meet the occasion. ” MACK MCLARTY, Clinton White House Chief of Staff. Thank you Mack. We will be bigger, better and stronger than ever before!
“ I think the situation is unprecedented, and there is no question about that. It’s whiplash! The economy was moving forward at a rapid pace in terms of growth, jobs and even wage increases, and all of a sudden the pandemic hit and the...
“Trump did a deal with Japan. A lot of our product goes to Japan, and we are booming in North Dakota.” Jim on C Span, Washington Journal. Our Trade Deals will be having a big impact on our Country as they kick in!

Nobody wants to say that if Elizabeth Warren gets out of the race before Super Tuesday, Crazy Bernie Sanders wins virtually every state in a blowout... NOT EVEN CLOSE! I haven’t heard one member of the Fake News Establishment even mention this irrefutable fact. FAKE NEWS!
The Invisible Enemy will soon be in full retreat!
Because the T. V. Ratings for the White House News Conference’s are the highest, the Opposition Party ( Lamestream Media ), the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats &, of course, the few remaining RINO’S, are doing everything in their power to disparage & end them. The People’s Voice!
The White House Press Conference will take place today at 1:00 P. M., recognizing that it is Good Friday!
HAPPY GOOD FRIDAY TO ALL!
Wow, Approval Rating in the Republican Party - 96 %. Thank you!
Not good Gregg, but it is what it is. Have to save the airlines!
Congress must go back to DEDUCTIBILITY by businesses if Restaurants, Clubs & Entertaiment is expected to flourish ( like never before )!
Democrats are blocking a 251 Billion Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason, with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts & more. Big Economic Bounceback!
This week, in only 4 days, we had the biggest Stock Market increase since 1974. We have a great chance for the really big bounce when the Invisible Enemy is gone!
Democrats are blocking a 251 Million Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason, with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts & more. Big Economic Bounceback!
Tim Scott is Great!
Thank you Frank. It’s ABC Fake News. They knew they were wrong when they went with this Hoax of a story!
Thank you Erin!
... We will always be there for our Great Farmers, Cattlemen, Ranchers, and Producers!
I have directed to expedite help to our farmers, especially to the smaller farmers who are hurting right now. I expect Secretary Purdue to use all of the funds and authorities at his disposal to make sure that our food supply is stable, strong, and safe...
The Wall Street Journal always “forgets ” to mention that the ratings for the White House Press Briefings are “ through the roof” ( Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale, according to ) & is only way for me to escape the Fake News & get my views across. WSJ is Fake News!
Great News: Prime Minister Boris Johnson has just been moved out of Intensive Care. Get well Boris!!!
On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day, we honor the more than 500,000 American warriors captured while protecting our way of life. We pay tribute to these Patriots for their unwavering and unrelenting spirit!
. A key CoronaVirus Model is now predicting far fewer deaths than the number shown in earlier models. That’s because the American people are doing a great job. Social Distancing etc. Keep going!
Absentee Ballots are a great way to vote for the many senior citizens, military, and others who can’t get to the polls on Election Day. These ballots are very different from 100 % Mail-In Voting, which is “RIPE for FRAUD,” and shouldn’t be allowed!
This morning, 450,000 protective suits landed in Dallas, Texas. This was made possible because of the partnership of two great American companies — DuPont and FedEx — and our friends in Vietnam. Thank you!

Wishing a HAPPY PASSOVER to those celebrating in the United States, Israel, and around the world!
White House news conference at 5:30 P. M. Eastern. Thank you!
Extraordinary times require even closer cooperation between friends. Thank you India and the Indian people for the decision on HCQ. Will not be forgotten! Thank you Prime Minister for your strong leadership in helping not just India, but humanity, in this fight!
Can’t see AOC plus 3 supporting Sleepy Joe!
Wow, Bernie is unwilling to give up his delegates, and wants more of them! What’s that all about?
Bernie Sanders is OUT! Thank you to Elizabeth Warren. If not for her, Bernie would have won almost every state on Super Tuesday! This ended just like the Democrats & the DNC wanted, same as the Crooked Hillary fiasco. The Bernie people should come to the Republican Party, TRADE!
FLATTENING OF THE CURVE!
Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNTRY, and it will be sooner rather than later, the horror of the Invisible Enemy, except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend, must be quickly forgotten. Our Economy will BOOM, perhaps like never before!!!
Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNYRY, and it will be sooner rather than later, the horror of the Invisible Enemy, except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend, must be quickly forgotten. Our Economy will BOOM, perhaps like never before!!!
... the Fake News Media into not covering them, but that effort failed because the ratings are through the roof according to, of all sources, the Failing New York Times, “Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale” type numbers ( & sadly, they get it $ FREE ). Trump Derangement Syndrome!
The Radical Left Democrats have gone absolutely crazy that I am doing daily Presidential News Conferences. They actually want me to STOP! They used to complain that I am not doing enough of them, now they complain that I “shouldn’t be allowed to do them.” They tried to shame...
Will be immediately sending 100 Ventilators to Colorado at the request of Senator Gardner!
Republicans should fight very hard when it comes to state wide mail-in voting. Democrats are clamoring for it. Tremendous potential for voter fraud, and for whatever reason, doesn’t work out well for Republicans.
“The number of New Yorkers admitted to hospitals has dropped.” Good news!


Will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P. M. Eastern on. Look forward to it.
White House news conference at 5:30 P. M. Eastern. Thank you!

Just had a conf call w / major lenders discussing our Great Small Businesses & the #PPPloan. I ask every company, big & small, making announcements about innovative contributions, hiring new workers, or looking to overcome setbacks to share your stories with #AmericaWorksTogether!
Wisconsin, get out and vote NOW for Justice Daniel Kelly. Protect your 2nd Amendment!
Why didn’t the I. G., who spent 8 years with the Obama Administration ( Did she Report on the failed H1N1 Swine Flu debacle where 17,000 people died? ), want to talk to the Admirals, Generals, V. P. & others in charge, before doing her report. Another Fake Dossier!
The W. H. O. really blew it. For some reason, funded largely by the United States, yet very China centric. We will be giving that a good look. Fortunately I rejected their advice on keeping our borders open to China early on. Why did they give us such a faulty recommendation?
Vote today, Tuesday, for highly respected Republican, Justice Daniel Kelly. Tough on Crime, loves your Military, Vets, Farmers, & will save your 2nd Amendment. A BIG VOTE!
Great job being done by Dr. Nicole Saphier on!



The Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled that tomorrow’s election will proceed as scheduled. VOTE for Justice Daniel Kelly tomorrow, and be safe!
White House news conference at 5:45 P. M. Eastern. Thank you!
Congratulations to State Representative Karen Whitsett of Michigan. So glad you are getting better!

Joe Biden wanted the date for the Democrat National Convention moved to a later time period. Now he wants a “Virtual” Convention, one where he doesn’t have to show up. Gee, I wonder why? Also, what ever happened to that phone call he told the Fake News he wanted to make to me?
Advertising in the Failing New York Times is WAY down. Washington Post is not much better. I can’t say whether this is because they are Fake News sources of information, to a level that few can understand, or the Virus is just plain beating them up. Fake News is bad for America!
LIGHT AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL!
USA STRONG!
Thank you Gayle. I only wish the public could fully understand how corrupt & dishonest so much of our Lamestream Media is. My Press Conferences are vital. They are reaching millions of people that are not being told the truth, & haven’t been for years ( Witch-Hunts, Fake News )!
For humanitarian reasons, the passengers from the two CoronaVirus stricken cruise ships have been given medical treatment and, when appropriate, allowed to disembark, under strict supervision. Very carefully done. People we’re dying & no other countries would allow them to dock!
. “To this day the establishment media have not admitted that they were wrong and the President was right.”


White House news conference at 6:45 P. M. Eastern. Thank you!
We are learning much about the Invisible Enemy. It is tough and smart, but we are tougher and smarter!
I will be having a White House CoronaVirus Task Force meeting in a short while. May or may not do a News Conference after the meeting, depending on new information. Talks & meetings today are proving promising, but a rough two weeks are coming up!
Thank you Gayle!
I agree!
A very biased “journalist”.
A great & wonderful woman!
Corrected Fake News!
He wants to raise taxes all over our Country!
Disgraceful!
Palm Sunday is the beginning of a Holy week for many people of Faith and a great day to lift our voices in Prayer. I will be tuning into Pastor at Church in Riverside, California tomorrow at 11:00 A. M. Eastern.
... We will get through this together, and bats will be swinging before you know it. In the meantime, take care of mom and dad, and know that this will not be forever!
To all of our youth who are missing the start of their seasons, hang in there! We will get you back out on the fields, and know that you will be playing baseball soon...
The Paycheck Protection Program is up and running! The program is open to nonprofits as well, so banks be sure to sign up our Great Religious and Veteran Organizations that need help!
America owes our very hard working food supply workers so much as they produce and deliver high quality food for us during this horrible COVID - 19. Join me in thanking our Farmers, Ranchers, Processors, Distributors and Stores!

I will be holding a News Conference at 3:30 P. M. at the White House. Thank you!
. is Fake News. They will take a good story and make it as bad as is humanly possible. They are a JOKE!
Good idea Dana!
Great!
I agree with this. Watch!
I will immediately ask Congress for more money to support small businesses under the #PPPloan if the allocated money runs out. So far, way ahead of schedule. & community banks are rocking!
I will immediately ask Congress for more money to support small businesses under the if the allocated money runs out. So far, way ahead of schedule. & community banks are rocking!
I fully agree!
Thank you Cory!
Great job being done by and many community banks throughout the country. Small businesses appreciate your work!
The Paycheck Protection Program is now available! #CARESAct Small Business Guidance & Loan Resources:
Thank you, ,, , and!
Thank you, keep up the great work!
GREAT news this week regarding the Keystone XL Pipeline – moving forward with fantastic paying CONSTRUCTION jobs for hardworking Americans. Promises Made, Promises Kept! #MAGA
Highly respected Justice Daniel Kelly is running for the Supreme Court in the Great State of Wisconsin. Justice Kelly has been doing a terrific job upholding the Rule of Law and defending your #2A. Tough on Crime, Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my Complete Endorsement!
We hit 3M hard today after seeing what they were doing with their Masks. “P Act” all the way. Big surprise to many in government as to what they were doing - will have a big price to pay!


30 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD
... Could be as high as 15 Million Barrels. Good ( GREAT ) news for everyone!
Just spoke to my friend MBS ( Crown Prince ) of Saudi Arabia, who spoke with President Putin of Russia, & I expect & hope that they will be cutting back approximately 10 Million Barrels, and maybe substantially more which, if it happens, will be GREAT for the oil & gas industry!
“The States have to get the money to the people who need it.” And FAST!
... have been stocked up and ready long before this crisis hit. Other states are thrilled with the job we have done. Sending many Ventilators today, with thousands being built. 51 large cargo planes coming in with medical supplies. Prefer sending directly to hospitals.
Massive amounts of medical supplies, even hospitals and medical centers, are being delivered directly to states and hospitals by the Federal Government. Some have insatiable appetites & are never satisfied ( politics? ). Remember, we are a backup for them. The complainers should...
Somebody please explain to Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer that we do have a military man in charge of distributing goods, a very talented Admiral, in fact. New York has gotten far more than any other State, including hospitals & a hospital ship, but no matter what, always complaining...
... It wouldn’t matter if you got ten times what was needed, it would never be good enough. Unlike other states, New York unfortunately got off to a late start. You should have pushed harder. Stop complaining & find out where all of these supplies are going. Cuomo working hard!
Upon information and belief, Iran or its proxies are planning a sneak attack on U. S. troops and / or assets in Iraq. If this happens, Iran will pay a very heavy price, indeed!
Congress must pass the old, and very strongly proven, deductibility by businesses on restaurants and entertainment. This will bring restaurants, and everything related, back - and stronger than ever. Move quickly, they will all be saved!


30 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD #COVIDー19
Great work, thank you!
Will be starting The White House news conference at 5:15 P. M. Eastern.
My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $ 3500, while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Positive impact on the environment! Foolish executives!
My Administration is helping U. S. auto workers by replacing the failed Obama Emissions Rule. Impossible to satisfy its Green New Deal Standard; Lots of unnecessary and expensive penalties to car buyers!
Great news! American families will now be able to buy safer, more affordable, and environmentally friendly cars with our new SAFE VEHICLES RULE. Get rid of those old, unsafe clunkers. Build better and safer American cars and create American jobs. Buy American!
Thank you Mike!
With interest rates for the United States being at ZERO, this is the time to do our decades long awaited Infrastructure Bill. It should be VERY BIG & BOLD, Two Trillion Dollars, and be focused solely on jobs and rebuilding the once great infrastructure of our Country! Phase 4
I watched a portion of low rated ( very ) Morning Psycho ( Joe ) this Morning in order to see what Nancy Pelosi had to say, & what moves she was planning to further hurt our Country. Actually, other than her usual complaining that I ’ m a terrible person, she wasn’t bad. Still praying!
“New York Governor Cuomo says President Trump has been “ very helpful.” Thank you, everybody is working very hard!

White House news conference at 5:00 P. M. Eastern. Thank you!

On #NationalDoctorsDay, we recognize the remarkable men & women who treat their fellow Americans, find cures for the diseases & illnesses we face, and never waver in their efforts to treat every patient with the dignity, respect, and empathy they deserve.

Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats delayed the Workers Help / Stimulus Bill by over a week, trying to add real “junk” into the Bill. Got some bad things, having nothing to do with those affected by the Virus, included. Republicans need their votes until we WIN BACK THE HOUSE IN 2020!
Thank you Dr. Hahn & the FDA for your fast approval of this respected Ohio company recommended by Governor. Great potential!
Will be interviewed on at 7:55 A. M. USA STRONG!


Will be starting The White House news conference at 5:30 P. M. Eastern.
So proud of the, , and the Federal Government for the 2,900 bed hospital they built in 4 days ( way ahead of schedule ) in the Javits Center for NY. We are now moving the teams to join others so they can continue to build more hospitals / beds. Keep up the GREAT WORK!
Thank you very much to Ken Langone for being a great American and for your wonderful comments on.
I am a great friend and admirer of the Queen & the United Kingdom. It was reported that Harry and Meghan, who left the Kingdom, would reside permanently in Canada. Now they have left Canada for the U. S. however, the U. S. will not pay for their security protection. They must pay!
Happy National Vietnam War Veterans Day to all of our Vietnam era Veterans. You have earned our gratitude and thanks by your actions years ago and what you have done since returning home. The Nation thanks you and your families for your service and sacrifice. We love you!
... The CBS News poll said 13 percent of Republicans trusted the news media for information about the virus. ” Michael M. Grynbaum
... On Monday, nearly 12.2 million people watched Mr. Trump’s briefing on CNN, Fox News and MSNBC, according to Nielsen — ‘Monday Night Football’ numbers. Millions more are watching on ABC, CBS, NBC and online streaming sites, and the audience is expanding. On Monday, Fox News...
... alone attracted 6.2 million viewers for the president’s briefing — an astounding number for a 6 p. m. cable broadcast, more akin to the viewership for a popular prime-time sitcom...
“President Trump is a ratings hit. Since reviving the daily White House briefing Mr. Trump and his coronavirus updates have attracted an average audience of 8.5 million on cable news, roughly the viewership of the season finale of ‘ The Bachelor.’ Numbers are continuing to rise...
Because the “Ratings ” of my News Conferences etc. are so high, “ Bachelor finale, Monday Night Football type numbers ” according to the, the Lamestream Media is going CRAZY. “ Trump is reaching too many people, we must stop him.” said one lunatic. See you at 5:00 P. M.!
Polls are showing tremendous disapproval of Lamestream Media coverage of the Virus crisis. The Fake News just hasn’t figured that out yet!
The Lamestream Media wants us to fail. That will NEVER happen!
Hope the FDA can approve Mask Sterilization equipment ASAP. As per Governor, there is a company in Ohio, , which has equipment that can sterilize masks quickly.
“With the Tax Cuts and new Trade Deals, we were set for a tremendous growth rate this year... and then the Virus came along.” We were breaking all records, especially on employment. It will all come roaring back again, and fast!
Highly recommended by Governor of Ohio. must move quickly!
Will be doing a press conference today at 5:00 P. M. The White House. People are working harder than I have ever seen people work. It is a beautiful thing to watch!
... Federal Government. A quarantine will not be necessary. Full details will be released by CDC tonight. Thank you!
On the recommendation of the White House CoronaVirus Task Force, and upon consultation with the Governor’s of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, I have asked the to issue a strong Travel Advisory, to be administered by the Governors, in consultation with the...
With the courage of our doctors and nurses, with the skill of our scientists and innovators, with the determination of the American People, and with the grace of God, WE WILL WIN THIS WAR. When we achieve this victory, we will emerge stronger and more united than ever before!

I am giving consideration to a QUARANTINE of developing “hot spots”, New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut. A decision will be made, one way or another, shortly.
Heading to the Great State of Virginia now, will be there shortly. The #USNSComfort is “loaded to the gills” at Naval Station Norfolk, departing for New York City this afternoon.
... very often FAKE NEWS. Lamestream Media should be forced to reveal sources, very much as they did in the long ago past. If they did that, the media would be trusted again, and Fake News would largely be a thing of the past!
... very often FAKE NEWS. Lamestream Media should be forced to reveal sources, very much as they did in the long ago past. If they did that, the media would be trusted again, and Fake News would largely be a thing if the past!
One of the reasons that Fake News has become so prevalent & far reaching is the fact that corrupt “journalists ” base their stories on SOURCES that they make up in order to totally distort a narrative or story. When you see, “ five sources say”, don’t believe the story, it is...
So much of the Lamestream Media is writing and broadcasting stories with facts that are made up and knowingly wrong. They are doing it by quoting unnamed sources that simply do not exist. These are very dangerous & corrupt people, who will do anything to win. NAME YOUR SOURCES!
Thank you James!
More Fake News!
Such Fake reporting by the, , & others. They use a small portion of a sentence out of a full paragraph in order to demean. They really are corrupt and disgusting. No wonder the media is, according to polls, record setting low & untrusted. #MAGA


I love Michigan, one of the reasons we are doing such a GREAT job for them during this horrible Pandemic. Yet your Governor, Gretchen “Half” Whitmer is way in over her head, she doesn’t have a clue. Likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude! #MAGA
I love Michigan, one of the reasons we are doing such a GREAT job for them during this horrible Pandemic. Yet your Governor, Gretchen “Half” Whitmer is way in over her ahead, she doesn’t have a clue. Likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude! #MAGA
She is a third rate reporter who has nothing going. A Fake News “journalist”.
We are marshalling the full power of government and society to achieve victory over the virus. Together, we will endure, we will prevail, and we will WIN! #CARESAct
I just signed the CARES Act, the single biggest economic relief package in American History – twice as large as any relief bill ever enacted. At $ 2.2 Trillion Dollars, this bill will deliver urgently-needed relief for our nation’s families, workers, and businesses. #CARESAct 🇺 🇸
News conference live from the today. 5:30 P. M. Eastern!
News conference live from the today. 5:00 P. M. Eastern!
Will be signing the CARE Act in the Oval Office today at 4:00 P. M. Eastern!
Never knew John Kerry had such a good sense of humor! Very impressed!
Thousand of Federal Government ( delivered ) Ventilators found in New York storage. N. Y. must distribute NOW!
Will someone please explain to the Fake News New York Times ( ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT ) that the Democrats make it almost impossible for us to fill positions within government. They “maximum” delay even the best candidates, including Judges, leaving little time!
We have just purchased many Ventilators from some wonderful companies. Names and numbers will be announced later today!
Invoke “P” means Defense Production Act!
General Motors MUST immediately open their stupidly abandoned Lordstown plant in Ohio, or some other plant, and START MAKING VENTILATORS, NOW!!! FORD, GET GOING ON VENTILATORS, FAST!!!
As usual with “this ” General Motors, things just never seem to work out. They said they were going to give us 40,000 much needed Ventilators, “ very quickly ”. Now they are saying it will only be 6000, in late April, and they want top dollar. Always a mess with Mary B. Invoke “ P”.
Thank you Byron. Many polls are much better than this. If it is the Fake News, add 10 points!
By empowering the Radical Left Democrats, do nothing Kentucky politician is making their War on the 2nd Amendment more and more difficult to win ( But don’t worry, we will win anyway! ). He is a disaster for America, and for the Great State of Kentucky!
... & costly. Workers & small businesses need money now in order to survive. Virus wasn’t their fault. It is “HELL ” dealing with the Dems, had to give up some stupid things in order to get the “ big picture” done. 90 % GREAT! WIN BACK HOUSE, but throw Massie out of Republican Party!
Looks like a third rate Grandstander named, a Congressman from, unfortunately, a truly GREAT State, Kentucky, wants to vote against the new Save Our Workers Bill in Congress. He just wants the publicity. He can’t stop it, only delay, which is both dangerous...
Just finished a very good conversation with President Xi of China. Discussed in great detail the CoronaVirus that is ravaging large parts of our Planet. China has been through much & has developed a strong understanding of the Virus. We are working closely together. Much respect!
Will be interviewed on at 9:10 P. M.
The world is at war with a hidden enemy. WE WILL WIN!
Our great Oil & Gas industry is under under seige after having one of the best years in recorded history. It will get better than ever as soon as our Country starts up again. Vital that it does for our National Security!
Will be going out in 10 minutes for the press conference.
I will be doing a News Conference live from the at 5:00 P. M. ( Eastern ) to discuss the mtg of the G20 Leaders that took place this morning at 7:55 A. M. by World Teleconference. Also, my 12:00 P. M. Teleconference call w / 50 Governors, plus Territories, will be discussed.
96-0 in the United States Senate. Congratulations AMERICA!

... I have been packed all day with meetings, I have no time for stupidity. We’re working around the clock to KEEP AMERICA SAFE!
I hear that Fake News CNN just reported that I am isolated in the White House, wondering out loud, “when will life return to normal?” Does anybody really believe that? There was no leak, they made it up – they are CORRUPT & FAKE NEWS...
The LameStream Media is the dominant force in trying to get me to keep our Country closed as long as possible in the hope that it will be detrimental to my election success. The real people want to get back to work ASAP. We will be stronger than ever before!
Today is National #MedalofHonorDay. Join me in a #MomentofHonor to remember those who have earned our Nation's highest award for valor in combat. The Nation is eternally grateful to these patriots who so valiantly fought for America’s values and the American way of life!
Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and the IOC, on their very wise decision to present the Olympics in 2021. It will be a great success, and I look forward to being there!
The four hospitals that we ( FEMA ) are building in NYC at the Javits Convention Center are moving along very well, ahead of schedule. Many additional ventilators also delivered. Good conversation with Governor Cuomo!
Just reported that the United States has done far more “testing” than any other nation, by far! In fact, over an eight day span, the United States now does more testing than what South Korea ( which has been a very successful tester ) does over an eight week span. Great job!
The Democrat’s Best & Finest!
Gee, that’s too bad. Such a fine guy. Presidential aspirations you know!
This is really great news! I am so happy I can barely speak. He may have been a terrible presidential candidate and an even worse U. S. Senator, but he is a RINO, and I like him a lot!
I am working very hard to help New York City & State. Dealing with both Mayor & Governor and producing tremendously for them, including four new medical centers and four new hospitals. Fake News that I won’t help them because I don’t like Cuomo ( I do ). Just sent 4000 ventilators!
“President Trump’s decision to very early on restrict travel from China saved tens of thousands of lives.”


Price transparency is so important for the people of our Country. In many ways, it will prove to be as important as healthcare itself. A great issue for both Republicans and Democrats. Hopefully it will be approved!
Will be doing a Town Hall on at 12:05 P. M. ( Now ). I will go on around 1:00 P. M. Enjoy!
Our people want to return to work. They will practice Social Distancing and all else, and Seniors will be watched over protectively & lovingly. We can do two things together. THE CURE CANNOT BE WORSE ( by far ) THAN THE PROBLEM! Congress MUST ACT NOW. We will come back strong!
Congress must approve the deal, without all of the nonsense, today. The longer it takes, the harder it will be to start up our economy. Our workers will be hurt!
This is not about the ridiculous Green New Deal. It is about putting our great workers and companies BACK TO WORK!
The Defense Production Act is in full force, but haven’t had to use it because no one has said NO! Millions of masks coming as back up to States.
Keep Charlie Number One. Great Book!
Thank you Kirstie!
Buy the book and give Liz some Great Reviews!
A respected coal miner and great dad! Rest In Peace!
The Media is hopeless. Too bad!
Thank you Tony!
The World market for face masks and ventilators is Crazy. We are helping the states to get equipment, but it is not easy. Just got 400 Ventilators for Bill de Blasio. Work beginning on 4 hospitals in New York! Millions of different type items coming!
This will never be approved by me, or any other Republican!
The Hill / HarrisX: 61 % to 39 % Approval Rating on handling of Coronavirus situation. Thank you!
Republicans had a deal until Nancy Pelosi rode into town from her extended vacation. The Democrats want the Virus to win? They are asking for things that have nothing to do with our great workers or companies. They want Open Borders & Green New Deal. Republicans shouldn’t agree!
... us since the beginning of this crisis. ” They meant the opposite? Forgot to mention that I closed our Country to China ( and Europe ) very early, long before it was considered acceptable to do so. Sleepy Joe said I was “xenophobic”, but I saved thousands of lives! Fake News!
This is the way the finished a story on me. “ You can see the contrast between the steady, assured, informed and strong leadership that VP Biden ( Sleepy Joe ) has shown, and the bungling, chaotic and dishonest start-stop approach that Mr. ( not Pres. ) Trump has shown...

... is NOT their fault in any way, shape, or form. They are working closely with us to get rid of it. WE WILL PREVAIL TOGETHER!
It is very important that we totally protect our Asian American community in the United States, and all around the world. They are amazing people, and the spreading of the Virus...
A great early result from a drug that will start tomorrow in New York and other places! #COVIDー19
The New York Times changed headlines 3 times in order to satisfy the Radical Left. What should have been a good story got “worse & worse”, until the headline alone made it very unfair. Fake & Corrupt News that is very dangerous for our Country!
THIS IS WHY WE NEED BORDERS!
STRONG & UNITED, WE WILL PREVAIL! GOD BLESS THE USA!!
Robert, we will end up stronger than ever before. Thank you!
We will be guided by the wishes of Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a great friend of the United States and a man who has done a magnificent job on the Olympic Venue, as to attending the Olympic Games in Japan. He will make the proper decision!
WE CANNOT LET THE CURE BE WORSE THAN THE PROBLEM ITSELF. AT THE END OF THE 15 DAY PERIOD, WE WILL MAKE A DECISION AS TO WHICH WAY WE WANT TO GO!
I watch and listen to the Fake News, CNN, MSDNC, ABC, NBC, CBS, some of FOX ( desperately & foolishly pleading to be politically correct ), the, & the, and all I see is hatred of me at any cost. Don’t they understand that they are destroying themselves?
My friend ( always there when I’ve needed him! ), Senator, was just tested “positive” from the Chinese Virus. That is not good! He is strong and will get better. Just spoke to him and he was in good spirits.
Will be having a News Conference from our beautiful White House at 5:00 P. M. Many things to discuss. Thank you!
The hard working men and women of are working overtime to maintain our supply chain and deliver medical supplies to those in need. Your work is critical to the health of our nation, keep it up!
., Governor of Illinois, and a very small group of certain other Governors, together with Fake News & Concast ( MSDNC ), shouldn’t be blaming the Federal Government for their own shortcomings. We are there to back you up should you fail, and always will be!
Working very well with States and our Nation’s Governors. #TEAMWORK
Thank you to Fred Smith and for the rapid emergency deliveries you are making all over our Nation. Keep it going!
Ford, General Motors and Tesla are being given the go ahead to make ventilators and other metal products, FAST! Go for it auto execs, lets see how good you are?
So true!
That doesn’t sound like Michael, does it?
Maria is Great!

Thank you
Thank you David, so true!
Thank you!


White House News Conference at 12:30 P. M. Thank you!
... be put in use IMMEDIATELY. PEOPLE ARE DYING, MOVE FAST, and GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE & AZITHROMYCIN, taken together, have a real chance to be one of the biggest game changers in the history of medicine. The FDA has moved mountains - Thank You! Hopefully they will BOTH ( H works better with A, International Journal of Antimicrobial Agents )...
Great story. Thank you to Mr. Young of Jonesboro, Arkansas!


Today I spoke with our Nation’s Small Businesses, which employ nearly half of America’s workforce. We are taking the MOST aggressive action in history to deliver fast relief to your businesses and workers. We will always protect our Small Businesses!

A Great Guy!
Steve is one of the very best in the Senate. He is competing against a failed Democrat Presidential candidate who never got close to 1 %, and was sent packing. Had to be talked into this run by Schumer. Bad for 2nd A! I strongly Endorse!

America’s Private Sector is stepping up to help us be STRONG! Many of the Nation’s distillers, large and small, are producing and donating hand sanitizer to help fight #COVID19. THANK YOU!
THANK YOU to our Police Officers, Fire Fighters, and EMS who help us defeat the Virus every day. Our proud nation is grateful for the unwavering dedication and sacrifice of our First Responders and their families. TOGETHER we will beat this!
THANK YOU! #ThankATrucker
SOCIAL DISTANCING!
We are going to WIN, sooner rather than later!
STRONG & UNITED, WE WILL PREVAIL!
I only signed the Defense Production Act to combat the Chinese Virus should we need to invoke it in a worst case scenario in the future. Hopefully there will be no need, but we are all in this TOGETHER!
Thank you!
Today I spoke with American physicians and nurses to thank them for their tireless work. Doctors and nurses are at the front lines of this war and are true American HEROES! With their help, America will WIN.
I want all Americans to understand: we are at war with an invisible enemy, but that enemy is no match for the spirit and resolve of the American people...
... It cannot overcome the dedication of our doctors, nurses, and scientists — and it cannot beat the LOVE, PATRIOTISM, and DETERMINATION of our citizens. Strong and United, WE WILL PREVAIL!
15 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD!
Thank you to our great American businesses for going above and beyond to keep our most vulnerable citizens safe!
We will be, by mutual consent, temporarily closing our Northern Border with Canada to non-essential traffic. Trade will not be affected. Details to follow!
... Also, according to the Daily Caller, leading Sleepy Joe Biden in Florida, 48 % to 42 %.
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 53 % overall. Not bad considering I get nothing but Fake & Corrupt News, day and night. “Russia, Russia, Russia ”, then “ the Ukraine Scam ( where’s the Whistleblower? ) ”, the “ Impeachment Hoax”, and more, more, more...
The DNC will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated Bernie Sanders, far ahead of schedule. Now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters. Bernie has given up, just like he did last time. He will be dropping out soon! MAGA / KAG
The DNC will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated Bernie Sanders, fat ahead of schedule. Now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters. Bernie has given up, just like he did last time. He will be dropping out soon! MAGA / KAG
I always treated the Chinese Virus very seriously, and have done a very good job from the beginning, including my very early decision to close the “borders” from China - against the wishes of almost all. Many lives were saved. The Fake News new narrative is disgraceful & false!
I will be having a news conference today to discuss very important news from the FDA concerning the Chinese Virus!
I will totally protect your Medicare & Social Security!
For the people that are now out of work because of the important and necessary containment policies, for instance the shutting down of hotels, bars and restaurants, money will soon be coming to you. The onslaught of the Chinese Virus is not your fault! Will be stronger than ever!

The world is at war with a hidden enemy. WE WILL WIN!
Federal Government is working very well with the Governors and State officials. Good things will happen! #KILLTHEVIRUS
Failing Michigan Governor must work harder and be much more proactive. We are pushing her to get the job done. I stand with Michigan!
Cuomo wants “all states to be treated the same. ” But all states aren’t the same. Some are being hit hard by the Chinese Virus, some are being hit practically not at all. New York is a very big “ hotspot”, West Virginia has, thus far, zero cases. Andrew, keep politics out of it...
The “Times” is a disgrace to journalism!
Great news Lindsey!
The United States will be powerfully supporting those industries, like Airlines and others, that are particularly affected by the Chinese Virus. We will be stronger than ever before!
I ask all Americans to band together and support your neighbors by not hoarding unnecessary amounts of food and essentials. TOGETHER we will stay STRONG and overcome this challenge!
Yesterday I spoke with the great American Grocers and Supply Chain Executives. We are confident that supply will continue to meet demand nationwide. These beacons of our community will remain open for you, no matter what. We are working hard to remove any barriers to that effort!


Just had a very good tele-conference with Nation’s Governors. Went very well. Cuomo of New York has to “do more”.
Just had a very good tele-conference with Nations’s Governors. Went very well. Cuomo of New York has to “do more”.
Everybody is so well unified and working so hard. It is a beautiful thing to see. They love our great Country. We will end up being stronger than ever before!
God Bless the USA!

I must say, that was a VERY boring debate. Biden lied when he said I want to cut Social Security and Medicare. That’s what they ALL said 4 years ago, and nothing happened, in fact, I saved Social Security and Medicare. I will not be cutting, but they will. Be careful!
The individual Governors of States, and local officials, must step up their efforts on drive up testing and testing sights, working in conjunction with and the Federal Government!
The Fake and Corrupt News never called Google. They said this was not true. Even in times such as these, they are not truthful. Watch for their apology, it won’t happen. More importantly, thank you to Google!
So now it is reported that, after destroying his life & the life of his wonderful family ( and many others also ), the FBI, working in conjunction with the Justice Department, has “lost” the records of General Michael Flynn. How convenient. I am strongly considering a Full Pardon!
Can’t believe they are not going after Schumer for the threats he made to our cherished United States Supreme Court, and our two great Justices. If a Republican did that, there would be an endless price to pay. Pathetic!
There will be a News Conference by the CoronaVirus Task Force today at the White House, 5 P. M. We are working closely with the Governors of our Country’s great States, which are a very big factor. They are working hard, along with us, to get the job properly done...
... The USA was never set up for this, just look at the catastrophe of the H1N1 Swine Flu ( Biden in charge, 17,000 people lost, very late response time ), but it soon will be. Great decision to close our China, and other, borders early. Saved many lives!
We are doing very precise Medical Screenings at our airports. Pardon the interruptions and delays, we are moving as quickly as possible, but it is very important that we be vigilant and careful. We must get it right. Safety first!
I am watching a great and beautiful service by Pastor Jentezen Franklin. Thank you!
TODAY IS A NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER. GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
Great Job by Judicial Watch. Potentially a treasure trove. Too bad you are not given more help, but it will all work out!
This took place in the Rose Garden, just coming out of a cold Winter!
Amazing how the Fake News never covers this. No Interest on Student Loans. The Dems are just talk!
Thank you Sara. Keep writing, great talent!
Thank you!

Tomorrow I have called for a National Day of Prayer. I will be tuning in to Pastor at the Church in Gainesville, Georgia at 11:00 AM EDT. God Bless the USA!
The has published guidelines on to enable every American to respond to this epidemic and to protect themselves, their families and their communities.
Just had a nice conversation with Prime Minister of Canada. Great to hear that his wonderful wife Sophie is doing very well. The United States and Canada will continue to coordinate closely together on COVID - 19.

COVID - 19 UPDATE
THE UNITED STATES LOVES ITALY!
Just finished a meeting on Covid - 19 in the Situation Room, news conference coming up shortly.
News Conference at White House in 10 minutes.
SOCIAL DISTANCING!
Attending meetings on Covid - 19 in the White House. Working with States and local governments, many of whom have done a great job. Full report latter!
BIGGEST STOCK MARKET RISE IN HISTORY YESTERDAY!
Larry, I am not surprised that Candace was great. I would only be surprised if she wasn’t great!
Good teamwork between Republicans & Democrats as the House passes the big CoronaVirus Relief Bill. People really pulled together. Nice to see!
To those families and citizens who are worried and concerned for themselves and their loved ones, I want you to know that your Federal Government will unleash every authority, resource and tool at its disposal to safeguard the lives and health of our people.
... the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Labor to issue regulations that will provide flexibility so that in no way will Small Businesses be hurt. I encourage all Republicans and Democrats to come together and VOTE YES! I will always put...
... the health and well-being of American families FIRST. Look forward to signing the final Bill, ASAP!
I fully support H. R. 6201: Families First CoronaVirus Response Act, which will be voted on in the House this evening. This Bill will follow my direction for free CoronaVirus tests, and paid sick leave for our impacted American workers. I have directed...
Americans are the strongest and most resilient people on earth... We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care that they need, and that they are entitled to. No resource will be spared.
... No matter where you may be, I encourage you to turn towards prayer in an act of faith. Together, we will easily PREVAIL!
It is my great honor to declare Sunday, March 15th as a National Day of Prayer. We are a Country that, throughout our history, has looked to God for protection and strength in times like these...
At my request, effective midnight tonight, Carnival, Royal Caribbean, Norwegian, and MSC have all agreed to suspend outbound cruises for thirty days. It is a great and important industry – it will be kept that way!
We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care they need. No resource will be spared!
To unleash the full power of the Federal Government in this effort, today I am officially declaring a National Emergency.
I will be having a news conference today at 3:00 P. M., The White House. Topic: CoronaVirus!
To this point, and because we have had a very strong border policy, we have had 40 deaths related to CoronaVirus. If we had weak or open borders, that number would be many times higher!
The Federal Reserve must FINALLY lower the Fed Rate to something comparable to their competitor Central Banks. Jay Powell and group are putting us at a decided economic & physiological disadvantage. Should never have been this way. Also, STIMULATE!
If you want to get money into the hands of people quickly & efficiently, let them have the full money that they earned, APPROVE A PAYROLL TAX CUT until the end of the year, December 31. Then you are doing something that is really meaningful. Only that will make a big difference!
... Their response to H1N1 Swine Flu was a full scale disaster, with thousands dying, and nothing meaningful done to fix the testing problem, until now. The changes have been made and testing will soon happen on a very large scale basis. All Red Tape has been cut, ready to go!
For decades the looked at, and studied, its testing system, but did nothing about it. It would always be inadequate and slow for a large scale pandemic, but a pandemic would never happen, they hoped. President Obama made changes that only complicated things further...
“The Obama White House had to immediately issue an apology for Joe Biden’s remarks, and any alarm that he might have caused, an alarm about a Swine Flu outbreak that took 6 months for President Obama to declare a National Emergency, and that killed 12,000 Americans.”
Sleepy Joe Biden was in charge of the H1N1 Swine Flu epidemic which killed thousands of people. The response was one of the worst on record. Our response is one of the best, with fast action of border closings & a 78 % Approval Rating, the highest on record. His was lowest!
Just had a great conversation with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. I told him that the just completed Olympic venue is magnificent. He has done an incredible job, one that will make him very proud. Good things will happen for Japan and their great Prime Minister. Lots of options!
108 countries are dealing with the CoronaVirus problem, some of which we are helping!
KEEPING THE WORKPLACE SAFE, ENCOURAGE YOUR EMPLOYEES TO...
KEEPING COMMERCIAL ESTABLISHMENTS SAFE, ENCOURAGE YOUR EMPLOYEES AND CUSTOMERS TO...
KEEPING THE SCHOOL SAFE, ENCOURAGE YOUR FACULTY, STAFF, AND STUDENTS TO...
KEEPING THE HOME SAFE, ENCOURAGE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS TO...
Many Republican Senators want me to Veto the FISA Bill until we find out what led to, and happened with, the illegal attempted “coup” of the duly elected President of the United States, and others!
“Nancy Pelosi all of a sudden doesn’t like the payroll tax cut, but when Obama proposed it she thought it was a brilliant thing that all of the working families would benefit from because if you get a paycheck, you’re going to take home more money.”
Hoping to get the payroll tax cut approved by both Republicans and Democrats, and please remember, very important for all countries & businesses to know that trade will in no way be affected by the 30 - day restriction on travel from Europe. The restriction stops people not goods.
The Media should view this as a time of unity and strength. We have a common enemy, actually, an enemy of the World, the CoronaVirus. We must beat it as quickly and safely as possible. There is nothing more important to me than the life & safety of the United States!
I will be addressing the Nation this evening at 9:00 P. M. ( Eastern ) from the Oval Office.
I am fully prepared to use the full power of the Federal Government to deal with our current challenge of the CoronaVirus!
I want to thank all of our Great Government officials on the CoronaVirus Task Force who are working around the clock, in response to the CoronaVirus. Continue to check for updates, and follow all recommendations that are available...
... We have the greatest healthcare system, experts, scientists and doctors anywhere in the world. Together, we will PREVAIL!
... Together we are putting into policy a plan to prevent, detect, treat and create a vaccine against CoronaVirus to save lives in America and the world. America will get it done!
America is the Greatest Country in the world. We have the best scientists, doctors, nurses and health care professionals. They are amazing people who do phenomenal things every day...
Someone needs to tell the Democrats in Congress that CoronaVirus doesn’t care what party you are in. We need to protect ALL Americans!
Vanity Fair Magazine, which will soon be out of business, and their third rate Fake reporters, who make up sources which don’t exist, wrote yet another phony & boring hit piece. The facts are just the opposite. Our team is doing a great job with CoronaVirus!
Thank you Gavin. Team is doing a great job!
THANK YOU IDAHO! #KAG2020
Pocahontas, working in conjunction with the Democrat Party, totally destroyed the campaign of Bernie Sanders. If she would have quit 3 days earlier, Sanders would have beaten Biden in a route, it wouldn’t even have been close. They also got two other losers to support Sleepy Joe!
THANK YOU WASHINGTON! #KAG2020
THANK YOU NORTH DAKOTA! #KAG2020
... ( which is under siege ), is strong on Crime and the Border, and truly LOVES our Military and our Vets. He will be a great Senator for the people of Alabama. Coach Tommy Tuberville, a winner, has my Complete and Total Endorsement. I love Alabama!
Tommy Tuberville ( ) is running for the U. S. Senate from the Great State of Alabama. Tommy was a terrific head football coach at Auburn University. He is a REAL LEADER who will never let MAGA / KAG, or our Country, down! Tommy will protect your Second Amendment...
THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #KAG2020
THANK YOU MISSOURI! #KAG2020
THANK YOU MISSISSIPPI! #KAG2020
Best unemployment numbers in the history of our Country. Best employment number EVER, almost 160 million people working right now. Vote Republican, unless you want to see these numbers obliterated!
If you like automobiles, how can you vote for a Democrat who all want to get rid of cars, as quickly as possible, especially if they are powered by gasoline. Remember also, no more than one car per family. I, on the other hand, have new plants being built all over Michigan, Plus!
If you like automobils, how can you vote for a Democrat who all want to get rid of cars, as quickly as possible, especially if they are powered by gasoline. Remember also, no more than one car per family. I, on the other hand, have new plants being built all over Michigan, Plus!
Thank you!
Ronald Reagan’s great economist, the recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, has just said great things about a Payroll Tax Cut!
Our CoronaVirus Team has been doing a great job. Even Democrat governors have been VERY complimentary!
Nancy Pelosi just said, “I don’t know if we can be ready this week.” In other words, it’s off to vacation for the Do Nothing Democrats. That’s been the story with them for 1 1/2 years!
There is another Russia, Russia, Russia meeting today. It is headed up by corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff, so I wouldn’t expect too much!
The Federal Reserve must be a leader, not a very late follower, which it has been!
Our pathetic, slow moving Federal Reserve, headed by Jay Powell, who raised rates too fast and lowered too late, should get our Fed Rate down to the levels of our competitor nations. They now have as much as a two point advantage, with even bigger currency help. Also, stimulate!
Well deserved Jack. A great honor!
True, with number 1 being more important!
Going to be a BAD day for Crazy Bernie!
Polls say they BOTH lose to “Trump”.
Wow! blew away the competition of Morning Joke ( which did very poorly ) on MSDNC ( Another Comcast sleaze production ), and’s New Day, in the Morning Television Ratings. A total blowout, but that’s what you get when you treat “Trump” fairly!
Going up fast. We need the Wall more than ever!
Fake News!!
Oklahoma, Vote for your GREAT Senator Today. Nobody better than Jim!
THANK YOU, Jim, for your incredible support of our #MAGA Agenda! You are a tremendous Senator for the people of the Great State of Oklahoma and you have my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman is doing a fantastic job for the people of Mississippi. He strongly supports our #MAGA Agenda. Steven will continue to protect your #2A, & Support our INCREDIBLE Vets & Military. Steven has my Complete Endorsement. VOTE for Steven tomorrow, March 10th!
Congressman Michael Guest ( ) is an incredible fighter for the Great State of Mississippi. Michael is strong on Crime and the Border, he loves our Military and Vets. Michael has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Michael tomorrow, March 10th!
So last year 37,000 Americans died from the common Flu. It averages between 27,000 and 70,000 per year. Nothing is shut down, life & the economy go on. At this moment there are 546 confirmed cases of CoronaVirus, with 22 deaths. Think about that!
Saudi Arabia and Russia are arguing over the price and flow of oil. That, and the Fake News, is the reason for the market drop!
Good for the consumer, gasoline prices coming down!
So much FAKE NEWS!
The BEST decision made was the toughest of them all - which saved many lives. Our VERY early decision to stop travel to and from certain parts of the world!
Great job being done by the and the CoronaVirus Task Force. Thank you!
The Obama / Biden Administration is the most corrupt Administration in the history of our Country!
“Trump has outmastered the Deep State. He’s light years ahead of us.” MSDNC. I disagree. We have a long way to go. There are still some very bad, sick people in our government - people who do not love our Country ( In fact, they hate our Country! ).
Now the Democrats are trying to smear Bernie with Russia, Russia, Russia. They are driving him Crazy!
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren singlehandedly destroyed the Bernie Sanders campaign by stripping voters away from his count on Super T. He lost states that he easily would have won if she had dropped out 3 days earlier. The DNC is doing it to Bernie again! Will he ever get angry?
Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer said, “You will pay the price for this. You won’t know what HIT YOU. ” That is far beyond simple rhetoric. That is a physical threat, or at least a threat that you better vote for us.” Trouble ahead!
The Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrat Party, is doing everything within its semi-considerable power ( it used to be greater! ) to inflame the CoronaVirus situation, far beyond what the facts would warrant. Surgeon General, “The risk is low to the average American.”
A great book, support Charlie, BUY IT! Already Number One.
Working hard Lori!
There are no mixed messages, only political weaponization by people like you and your brother, Fredo!
Who knows what this means, but it sounds good to me!
The New York Times is an embarrassment to journalism. They were a dead paper before I went into politics, and they will be a dead paper after I leave, which will be in 5 years. Fake News is the Enemy of the people!
We have a perfectly coordinated and fine tuned plan at the White House for our attack on CoronaVirus. We moved VERY early to close borders to certain areas, which was a Godsend. V. P. is doing a great job. The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to make us look bad. Sad!
Thank you!
... least 5 States & the Nomination. Did the DNC & Dems tell Elizabeth Warren to wait? If so, they were deadly, the race would have been over, & Bernie would have won. Dirty double dealing? Nobody knows for sure, & history will be the judge. But I say, here we go AGAIN, Bernie!
We have now learned for sure that the Democrats don’t want anything to do with Crazy Bernie. Rigged? First & quit the race & come out for Sleepy Joe BEFORE Super Tuesday. Pocahontas says NO & quits race AFTER ELECTION, thereby depriving Bernie of at..
I agree with Joe!
Thank you to the Great State of Tennessee. We are with you all the way!
Thank you and. My Administration will always be there for the Great People of Tennessee. Together, we will prevail!
... I want to thank Acting Chief Mick Mulvaney for having served the Administration so well. He will become the United States Special Envoy for Northern Ireland. Thank you!
I am pleased to announce that Congressman Mark Meadows will become White House Chief of Staff. I have long known and worked with Mark, and the relationship is a very good one...
Congratulations to!

Thank you. We are a phone call away, and here for you!
My Administration is with you all of the way, Tennessee. We love you!
Spoke to Governor early this morning about the cruise ship quarantined off the California Coast. CoronaVirus test kits have been delivered, testing is taking place now.
It is FAKE NEWS that is “sidelined” from the great job he is doing on the CoronaVirus Task Force. He has the total confidence of the and myself, and is doing a fantastic job, as the numbers would indicate!
I will protect your Social Security and Medicare, just as I have for the past 3 years. Sleepy Joe Biden will destroy both in very short order, and he won’t even know he’s doing it!

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!!!
Thanks Linda, but they were really good last night!
Thank you!
My great honor!
Thank you Audrey!
The WALL is well under construction. So far we’re up to 129 miles, and by early next year we will have 500 miles completed!
We have appointed 220 Federal Judges and two Supreme Court Justices. PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT!
Thank you David, a lifelong Democrat from Pennsylvania. We will continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!!!
Thank you Scranton, Pennsylvania. It was a great evening!
Tonight’s Fox News Town Hall with and will rebroadcast at 11:00 P. M. Eastern on. Enjoy!
Thank you Nan!
Gallup just gave us the highest rating ever for the way we are handling the CoronaVirus situation. The April 2009-10 Swine Flu, where nearly 13,000 people died in the U. S., was poorly handled. Ask MSDNC & lightweight Washington failure, who the President was then?
The Department of Education is NOT closing hundreds of schools in rural areas of our Country. This is just more Fake News. We are investing greatly in our schools, and always will!
Mini Mike, you’re easy!
With approximately 100,000 CoronaVirus cases worldwide, and 3,280 deaths, the United States, because of quick action on closing our borders, has, as of now, only 129 cases ( 40 Americans brought in ) and 11 deaths. We are working very hard to keep these numbers as low as possible!
“Joe Biden represents the past. President Trump represents the future.”
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, who was going nowhere except into Mini Mike’s head, just dropped out of the Democrat Primary... THREE DAYS TOO LATE. She cost Crazy Bernie, at least, Massachusetts, Minnesota and Texas. Probably cost him the nomination! Came in third in Mass.
. Kevin McCarthy informed me that I was 20 for 20 on Tuesday with respect to my Endorsement of candidates. Sadly, I didn’t get that information from the Fake News Media. They don’t report those things, or the far more than Dems cumulative votes, despite no opposition!
“I want to commend the President for how he has handled the CoronaVirus situation, especially his early decision to shut down access into our Country from China, despite strong opposition to that decision.” Thank you Tom!
Schumer has brought great danger to the steps of the United States Supreme Court!
I NEVER said people that are feeling sick should go to work. This is just more Fake News and disinformation put out by the Democrats, in particular MSDNC. Comcast covers the CoronaVirus situation horribly, only looking to do harm to the incredible & successful effort being made!
As per recent Federal Court ruling, the Federal Government will be withholding funds from Sanctuary Cities. They should change their status and go non-Sanctuary. Do not protect criminals!


I will be interviewed by on at 9:10 P. M.
Retired Four Star General Jack Keane will receive the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM next week!
There can be few things worse in a civilized, law abiding nation, than a United States Senator openly, and for all to see and hear, threatening the Supreme Court or its Justices. This is what Chuck Schumer just did. He must pay a severe price for this!
Retired Four Star General Jack Keane will recieve the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM next week!
This is a direct & dangerous threat to the U. S. Supreme Court by Schumer. If a Republican did this, he or she would be arrested, or impeached. Serious action MUST be taken NOW!
Thank you, keep up the great work!
Congress has agreed to provide $ 8 Billion to fight Coronavirus! This means, , and will have the resources they need to Keep America Safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low. This is great news for our Health, our Economy, and our Nation!
Congress has agreed to provide $ 8 Billion to fight Coronavirus! This means, , and will have the resources they need to Keep America Safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low. This is great news for our Health, our Economy, and our Nation!
Will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P. M. Eastern on. Enjoy!
Pandering Mini Mike Bloomberg, along with his wacky friend, Tom Steyer, have found out the hard way that you can’t buy the election! They both wish they had it to do over again!
Today, it was my great honor to address the Legislative Summit. With the hard work, love & devotion of millions of incredible Hispanic-Americans, our Country is thriving, our people are prospering, and our future has never looked brighter!
Mini Mike, “ Three months ago I entered the race for President to defeat Donald Trump, ( and I failed miserably! ).
Mini Mike Bloomberg will now FIRE Tim O’ Brien, and all of the fools and truly dumb people who got him into this MESS. This has been the worst, and most embarrassing, experience of his life... and now on to Sleepy Joe!
Mini Mike Bloomberg just “quit” the race for President. I could have told him long ago that he didn’t have what it takes, and he would have saved himself a billion dollars, the real cost. Now he will pour money into Sleepy Joe’s campaign, hoping to save face. It won’t work!
The Mayor of Los Angeles, , is dealing with us trying to get the Federal Government to fix the terrible problem he and the Dems have caused with the homeless, and the horrendous effects it is having on the City, which is a mess. I then watch him talk “trash” on me!
Wow! If Elizabeth Warren wasn’t in the race, Bernie Sanders would have EASILY won Massachusetts, Minnesota and Texas, not to mention various other states. Our modern day Pocahontas won’t go down in history as a winner, but she may very well go down as the all time great SPOILER!
The great people of Montana can have no better VOICE than Senator. He is doing an incredible job! Whoever the Democrat nominee may be, please understand that I will be working hard with Steve all the way, & last night I was 20 for 20 ( per ). WE NEED STEVE!
I will be going to the Great State of Tennessee on Friday. The USA stands with the people of Tennessee 100 %, whatever they need! The tornadoes were of record size & velocity. God bless your loved ones & all of the families affected! Thanks to &
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!!!
This is what happens to someone who loyally gets appointed Attorney General of the United States & then doesn’t have the wisdom or courage to stare down & end the phony Russia Witch Hunt. Recuses himself on FIRST DAY in office, and the Mueller Scam begins!
So selfish for Elizabeth Warren to stay in the race. She has Zero chance of even coming close to winning, but hurts Bernie badly. So much for their wonderful liberal friendship. Will he ever speak to her again? She cost him Massachusetts ( and came in third ), he shouldn’t!
The Democrat establishment came together and crushed Bernie Sanders, AGAIN! Even the fact that Elizabeth Warren stayed in the race was devastating to Bernie and allowed Sleepy Joe to unthinkably win Massachusetts. It was a perfect storm, with many good states remaining for Joe!
THANK YOU CALIFORNIA! #KAG2020
THANK YOU UTAH! #KAG2020
But they really knew who was going to win!
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, other than Mini Mike, was the loser of the night. She didn’t even come close to winning her home state of Massachusetts. Well, now she can just sit back with her husband and have a nice cold beer!
The biggest loser tonight, by far, is Mini Mike Bloomberg. His “political” consultants took him for a ride. $ 700 million washed down the drain, and he got nothing for it but the nickname Mini Mike, and the complete destruction of his reputation. Way to go Mike!
THANK YOU ARKANSAS! #KAG2020
THANK YOU MINNESOTA! #KAG2020
THANK YOU COLORADO! #KAG2020
THANK YOU COLORADO! #KAG2020
THANK YOU TEXAS! #KAG2020
THANK YOU MAINE! #KAG2020
THANK YOU TENNESSEE! #KAG2020
THANK YOU MASSACHUSETTS! #KAG2020
THANK YOU OKLAHOMA! #KAG2020
THANK YOU ALABAMA! #KAG2020
THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA! #KAG2020
THANK YOU VERMONT! #KAG2020
Mini Mike, don’t lick your dirty fingers. Both unsanitary and dangerous to others and yourself!
The National Institutes of Health is home to some of the greatest doctors, scientists, and researchers in the world. Thank you for all your doing, keep up the great work!
I am calling on Congress to send me a Bill that fully and permanently funds the LWCF and restores our National Parks. When I sign it into law, it will be HISTORIC for our beautiful public lands. ALL thanks to and, two GREAT Conservative Leaders!
I commend the hard work of Senator and in protecting funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund for years to come. The citizens of Montana and Colorado thank you both!
#PrayForNashville
It was my great honor to address the National Association of Counties Legislative Conference where 1,200 County Leaders whose incredible devotion, talent, and drive directly and profoundly improve the lives of millions of Americans each and every day.
The Federal Reserve is cutting but must further ease and, most importantly, come into line with other countries / competitors. We are not playing on a level field. Not fair to USA. It is finally time for the Federal Reserve to LEAD. More easing and cutting!
The Federal Reserve is cuting but must further ease and, most importantly, come into line with other countries / competitors. We are not playing on a level field. Not fair to USA. It is finally time for the Federal Reserve to LEAD. More easing and cutting!
Prayers for all of those affected by the devastating tornadoes in Tennessee. We will continue to monitor the developments. The Federal Government is with you all of the way during this difficult time.
Mini Mike Bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances. Also, as mayor he was very bad under pressure - a choker!
New book by, already number 1, “The MAGA Doctrine”. Really great, SUPPORT CHARLIE KIRK. Buy now!
Mini Mike Bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances. Also, as mayor he was very bad under pressure - a chocker!
Go Admiral Ronny!
Texas & Oklahoma: Mini Mike Bloomberg will kill your drilling, fracking and pipelines. Petroleum based “anything” is dead. Energy jobs gone. Don’t vote for Mini Mike!
Australia’s Central Bank cut interest rates and stated it will most likely further ease in order to make up for China’s Coronavirus situation and slowdown. They reduced to 0.5 %, a record low. Other countries are doing the same thing, if not more so. Our Federal Reserve has us...
... paying higher rates than many others, when we should be paying less. Tough on our exporters and puts the USA at a competitive disadvantage. Must be the other way around. Should ease and cut rate big. Jerome Powell led Federal Reserve has called it wrong from day one. Sad!
Australia’s Central Bank cut interest rates and stated it will most likely further ease in order to make up for China’s Coronavirus situation and slowdown. They reduced to 0.5 %, a record low. Other countries are doing the same thing, if not more so. Our Federal Reserve has us...
Thank you. We’re with you all the way. The American people know what’s going on, they totally get it. Watch what happens in November 2020! Thank you for your continued support. Together, we are going to KEEP AMERICA GREAT! #BlackVoicesforTrump
The Democrats in the House should propose a very simple one year Payroll Tax cut. Great for the middle class, great for the USA!
This is an incredible time for our nation — we are in the midst of the Great American Comeback! Jobs are booming, incomes are soaring, poverty is plummeting, confidence is surging, and we have completely rebuilt the awesome power of the U. S. Military. PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT!
I was thrilled to be back in the Great city of Charlotte, North Carolina with thousands of hardworking American Patriots who love our Country, cherish our values, respect our laws, and always put AMERICA FIRST! Thank you for a wonderful evening!! #KAG2020

WOW! Thank you, just landed, see everyone soon! #KAG2020 🇺 🇸
Departing for the Great State of North Carolina!
They are staging a coup against Bernie!
THANK YOU!
Michelle is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime & Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, & will stand w / our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete & Total Endorsement!
Congresswoman Kay has worked hard for Texas and been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. She’s strong on #2A and Securing our Border and is 100 % pro-life. Kay has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Michelle is running for Congress in Minnesota. Nicole is Strong on Crime and Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, and will stand with our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
THANK YOU for all of your support with our #MAGA Agenda. You are doing an outstanding job representing the people of Louisiana & the U. S. A. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KAG2020
The only people in favor of Mini Mike continuing with his hapless campaign are me and his political consultants, who are getting richer and richer by the day!
. is working hard pushing the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats. They want to be, unlike their competitors, & MSDNC ( Comcast ), Fair & Balanced. When will they ever learn. The Radical Left never even gave permission to partake in their low rated debates!
... competitive disadvantage. We should be leading, not following!
As usual, Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve are slow to act. Germany and others are pumping money into their economies. Other Central Banks are much more aggressive. The U. S. should have, for all of the right reasons, the lowest Rate. We don’t, putting us at a...
Jack Welch, former Chairman and CEO of GE, a business legend, has died. There was no corporate leader like “neutron” Jack. He was my friend and supporter. We made wonderful deals together. He will never be forgotten. My warmest sympathies to his wonderful wife & family!
I was criticized by the Democrats when I closed the Country down to China many weeks ahead of what almost everyone recommended. Saved many lives. Dems were working the Impeachment Hoax. They didn’t have a clue! Now they are fear mongering. Be calm & vigilant!
“Ever since ( Mini Mike ) Bloomberg’s bad debate performances, his support has dropped.” Dropped a lot. Only his highly paid consultants, who are laughing all the way to the bank, still support him... And by the way, he did not poll well as mayor in handling crisis!
I am meeting with the major pharmaceutical companies today at the White House about progress on a vaccine and cure. Progress being made!
“The Democrat Party is a field of lightweights in complete disarray.”
Gallup Poll numbers on the handling of this situation are outstanding, the best. Thank you!
Watch Mark Levin interview of Charlie Kirk tonight at 11:00 P. M. on. Amazing!!! And, while you’re at it, go get Charlie’s new book, “The MAGA Doctrine: The Only Ideas That Will Win the Future”... This is a really GREAT book. Support Charlie Kirk!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd is not at the top of his game! Thank you.
Sleepy Joe Biden also said that guns killed 150 million Americans last year, wants to win Georgia on Super Tuesday ( not up ), and got his speaking location wrong again!
Thank you!
Thank you. I love you too!
The Black community brilliantly turned their backs on Mini Mike because they know he is a pandering phony who never did right by them!
Mini Mike Bloomberg didn’t bring NYC back, as he said in his fake ad. It was who brought NYC back and who also, with his endorsement, got Mini Mike elected ( with barely a thank you ). A boring mayor who the people couldn’t stand!
Pete Buttigieg is OUT. All of his SuperTuesday votes will go to Sleepy Joe Biden. Great timing. This is the REAL beginning of the Dems taking Bernie out of play - NO NOMINATION, AGAIN!
People are disgusted and embarrassed by the Fake News Media, as headed by the, , & MSDNC, , and more. They no longer believe what they see and read, and for good reason. Fake News is, indeed, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
“ Who better than, who got to the bottom of the FISAGATE & RUSSIAGATE HOAX. It makes a lot of sense to put John Ratcliffe in there ( DNI ). The Senate should quickly approve him. John will do a great job for the American people!
A Poll in today’s New York Post says that 77 % of “U. S. adults have confidence in their government’s ability to handle the Coronavirus ( Number One ), compared to other health threats.” 64 % for Zika, 58 % for Ebola. Others way down on list. Our professionals are doing a great job!
The food is GREAT at Sammy’s Mexican Grill in Phoenix, Arizona. Congratulations to Betty & Jorge Rivas on doing such a wonderful job. I will try hard to stop by the next time I am in Phoenix. Support Sammy’s!
Coronavirus: In addition to screening travelers “prior to boarding” from certain designated high risk countries, or areas within those countries, they will also be screened when they arrive in America. Thank you!
... a very dark and lonely path! Your reputation will never be the same!
Mini Mike Bloomberg’s consultants and so-called “advisors ” ( how did that advice work out? Don’t ask! ), are on the “ gravy train” and all making a fortune for themselves pushing Mini hard, when they knew he never had what it takes. Don’t pay them anymore Mike, they led you down...
I would find it hard to believe that failed presidential candidates Tom Steyer, or Mini Mike Bloombeg, would contribute to the Democrat Party, even against me, after the way they have been treated - laughed at & mocked. The real politicians ate them up and spit them out!
Tom Steyer who, other than Mini Mike Bloomberg, spent more dollars for NOTHING than any candidate in history, quit the race today proclaiming how thrilled he was to be a part of the the Democrat Clown Show. Go away Tom and save whatever little money you have left!
Congratulations to Sleepy Joe Biden!
Democrats are working hard to destroy the name and reputation of Crazy Bernie Sanders, and take the nomination away from him!
Sleepy Joe Biden’s victory in the South Carolina Democrat Primary should be the end of Mini Mike Bloomberg’s Joke of a campaign. After the worst debate performance in the history of presidential debates, Mini Mike now has Biden split up his very few voters, taking many away!
THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Dana, you are the real deal!
THANK YOU! #CPAC2020


I will be having a 1:30 P. M. Press Conference at the White House to discuss the latest CoronaVirus developments. Thank you!
THANK YOU SOUTH CAROLINA!
South Carolina was GREAT. A BIG & REALLY ENTHUSIASTIC CROWD!
A so-called reporter named, who bombed so badly in the 2016 Presidential Debates that I thought he was going to be immediately fired ( a Mini Mike type performance ), is now with Fake News. A total loser!
I hope we can get Admiral of Texas, who served our Country so well, into the runoff election in #TX13! Ronny is strong on Crime and Borders, GREAT for our Military and Vets, and will protect your #2A. Get out and vote for Ronny on Tuesday, March 3rd!
Thank you to all of the incredible Law Enforcement Officers in South Carolina tonight. We love you!
It was my great honor to be back in South Carolina tonight, with thousands of hardworking American Patriots who believe in Faith, Family, God and Country. Thank you for a beautiful evening! #KAG2020
I am pleased to announce the nomination of ( Congressman John Ratcliffe ) to be Director of National Intelligence ( DNI ). Would have completed process earlier, but John wanted to wait until after IG Report was finished. John is an outstanding man of great talent!
On my way to the Great State of South Carolina. See everyone soon! #MAGA #KAG
Nobody fights harder for Montana than. Steve is a close friend of mine, a STRONG Conservative, and a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. He is strong on Crime & Borders, GREAT for our Military & Vets, & will protect your #2A. Steve has my Complete Endorsement!
The Dems are working hard to take the prized nomination away from Bernie. Back room politics, which Bernie is not very good at. His people will not let it happen again!
Mini Mike is getting slammed. His debates were, perhaps, the worst in presidential debating history. A total phony who disavowed “Stop & Frisk” after swearing by it for years, and even recently. He horribly overused it, & then dropped when running as a Dem. A total phony!
We strongly stand with Terrence!

“You go around Pennsylvania and you see Trump signs everywhere. The Donald Trump situation is bigger than the Reagan Revolution. Donald Trump has inspired us.” WHP 580
Worst Polls, just like in 2016 when they were so far off the mark, are the Polls. Why doesn’t Fox finally get a competent Polling Company?
To the people of South Carolina, Tom Steyer is a joke, laughed at by everyone, a total incompetent. He made money in coal, now he “hates” coal. Did you see him fawning over Crazy Bernie? Has no chance, a loser for South Carolina, doesn’t deserve your vote!
Will be in the Great State of South Carolina tonight, 7:00 P. M., for a really BIG Rally. Best place to be is a Trump Rally. See you later!
“Federal Court Deals Major Blow To Sanctuary Cities.” In other words, there will be no more Federal Tax Dollars to States & Cities that will not cooperate with Federal Law Enforcement ( ICE ). This is BIG NEWS! Funds will be cut off immediately. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Do Nothing Democrats were busy wasting time on the Immigration Hoax, & anything else they could do to make the Republican Party look bad, while I was busy calling early BORDER & FLIGHT closings, putting us way ahead in our battle with Coronavirus. Dems called it VERY wrong!
So, the Coronavirus, which started in China and spread to various countries throughout the world, but very slowly in the U. S. because President Trump closed our border, and ended flights, VERY EARLY, is now being blamed, by the Do Nothing Democrats, to be the fault of “Trump”.
So nice!
“Diagnosis positive: is infected with Trump Derangement Syndrome. I ’ m calling out CNN for irresponsibly politicizing what should be a unifying battle against a virus that doesn’t choose sides.” Like I say, they are Fake News!
Word is that Mini Mike Bloomberg performed so poorly in the two debates, that he is thinking about dropping out of the Democrat Primary. The fact is, he was not true to himself, and the public was able to quickly figure him out. Not a good experience for Mini Mike!
Congratulations and thank you to our great Vice President & all of the many professionals doing such a fine job at CDC & all other agencies on the Coronavirus situation. Only a very small number in U. S., & China numbers look to be going down. All countries working well together!
Do Nothing Democrats were busy wasting their time on the Impeachment Hoax, & anything they could do to make the Republican Party look bad, while I was busy calling early boarder & flight closings, putting us way ahead in our battle with the Coronavirus. Dems called it very wrong!
“Anti-Trump Network doing whatever it can to stoke a national Coronavirus panic. The far left Network pretty much ignoring anyone who they interview who doesn’t blame President Trump.” Media refuses to discuss the great job our professionals are doing!

They spied on my campaign!
. ( R ) of Texas - 08 loves Texas & our Country. He has been a GREAT Congressman & supporter of #MAGA. Strong on Crime, Border, Military, Vets and your 2A, he is the best Tax Cutter in D. C. Kevin has my Complete & Total Endorsement. Vote on March 3rd. Thank you!

Nancy has allowed her District to go down more than any other in the USA! Hardly even recognizable.
My two great friends. Proud of you both!
Eric, I can live with that!
Piers, I like you too!
Big Rally in the Great State of South Carolina on Friday. See you there!
“Every poll you look at shows that Black support for President Trump is growing.”
Big Story, Big Win - Except in the Fake News, which won’t cover it!
... during a debate ). Pocahontas was mean, & undisciplined, mostly aiming at Crazy Bernie and Mini Mike. They don’t know how to handle her, but I know she is a “chocker”. Steyer was a disaster who, along with Mini, are setting records in $’s per vote. Just give me an opponent!
Crazy, chaotic Democrat Debate last night. Fake News said Biden did well, even though he said half of our population was shot to death. Would be OVER for most. Mini Mike was weak and unsteady, but helped greatly by his many commercials ( which are not supposed to be allowed...
I will be having a News Conference at the White House, on this subject, today at 6:00 P. M. CDC representatives, and others, will be there. Thank you!
Low Ratings Fake News MSDNC ( Comcast ) & are doing everything possible to make the Caronavirus look as bad as possible, including panicking markets, if possible. Likewise their incompetent Do Nothing Democrat comrades are all talk, no action. USA in great shape!...
Just landed. India was great, trip very successful. Heading to the White House. Meetings and calls scheduled today., and all doing a great job with respect to Coronavirus! Briefing this afternoon.
“U. S. acted on the Coronavirus very, very quickly.” Gordon Chang
Thank you!
Russia wants him to win!
An absolute disgrace!
52 % in the new Rasmussen Poll. 95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
... Democrats talking point is that we are doing badly. If the virus disappeared tomorrow, they would say we did a really poor, and even incompetent, job. Not fair, but it is what it is. So far, by the way, we have not had one death. Let’s keep it that way!
CDC and my Administration are doing a GREAT job of handling Coronavirus, including the very early closing of our borders to certain areas of the world. It was opposed by the Dems, “too soon”, but turned out to be the correct decision. No matter how well we do, however, the...
That is because they cover your favorite President relatively well. & MSDNC are dying in the ratings!
No surprise!
True, but we are getting it all done!
A total miscarriage of justice!
There has rarely been a juror so tainted as the forewoman in the Roger Stone case. Look at her background. She never revealed her hatred of “Trump” and Stone. She was totally biased, as is the judge. Roger wasn’t even working on my campaign. Miscarriage of justice. Sad to watch!
Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer is complaining, for publicity purposes only, that I should be asking for more money than $ 2.5 Billion to prepare for Coronavirus. If I asked for more he would say it is too much. He didn’t like my early travel closings. I was right. He is incompetent!

“Sotomayor accuses GOP appointed Justices of being biased in favor of Trump. ” This is a terrible thing to say. Trying to “ shame ” some into voting her way? She never criticized Justice Ginsberg when she called me a “ faker”. Both should recuse themselves..
... on all Trump, or Trump related, matters! While “elections have consequences”, I only ask for fairness, especially when it comes to decisions made by the United States Supreme Court!
.. It has been a scam right from the beginning with the illegally started Mueller Report, FISA, the leaking, lying & more. Schiff should not have access to Intelligence, he is a corrupt pol. “Amazing that they went to Bernie Sanders, but not to President Trump.”
“U. S. Intelligence official overstated assessment of Russian efforts to help Trump. ” They supposedly told Crazy Bernie that Russia was looking at him, not me. This is all a big scam between Intel and the Democrats. They want Bernie OUT, & hate “ Trump”.
Spelled!
Great new book just out, “Taken for Granted, How Conservatives Can Win Back Americans That Liberalism Failed”, by Gianni Caldwell, a young winner! He will be at the Ronald Reagan Library, Simi Valley, California, on Thursday at 6 PM, PT. Check it out!
Totally correct!
The Coronavirus is very much under control in the USA. We are in contact with everyone and all relevant countries. CDC & World Health have been working hard and very smart. Stock Market starting to look very good to me!
Set up by Schiff’s lies & leaks. Same with the Mueller Witch Hunt 3 years ago!

THANK YOU! 🇺 🇸 🇮 🇳
Thank you Lori, so true!
मैं इसी लिए भारत आया हूँ, सद्भावना और प्रेम के साथ ताकि हम अपनी अभिलाषा प्रतीक अपनी सांझेदारी और अविश्वसनीय विस्तार सकें l
Our two national constitutions both begin with the same three beautiful words: “We the people.” That means that in America and India alike, we honor, respect, trust, empower, and fight for the citizens we proudly serve! 🇺 🇸 🇮 🇳
अमेरिका और भारत अपने देशों को मजबूत बनाएँगे, अपने लोगों को सम्पन्न बनाएँगे, बड़े सपने देखने वालों को और बड़ा बनाएँगे और अपना भविष्य पहले से कहीं अधिक उज्जवल बनाएँगे... और यह तो शुरुआत ही है ।
प्रथम महिला और मैं इस देश के हर नागरिक को एक सन्देश देने के लिए दुनिया का 8000 मील का चक्कर लगा कर यहां आये हैं l अमेरिका भारत को प्रेम करता है - अमेरिका भारत का सम्मान करता है - और अमरीका के लोग हमेशा भारत के लोगों के सच्चे और निष्ठावान दोस्त रहेंगे l
हम भारत आने के लिए तत्पर हैं । हम रास्ते में हैँ, कुछ ही घंटों में हम सबसे मिलेंगे!
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a Record. 218 Federal Judges, also a Record. 2 Supreme Court Justices. Thank you!

Crazy Bernie and the Democrats should see this. I have done far more for the African American community than any President. Secured funding for HBCUs, Criminal Justice Reform, Opportunity Zones, School Choice, Record Low Unemployment, and so much more. THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Crazy Bernie and the Democrats should see this. I I have done more
Jeff Van Drew is a Courageous Leader that left the Do Nothing Democrats to better serve the Great people of New Jersey. HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Are any Democrat operatives, the DNC, or Crooked Hillary Clinton, blaming Russia, Russia, Russia for the Bernie Sanders win in Nevada. If so I suggest calling Bob Mueller & the 13 Angry Democrats to do a new Mueller Report, Democrat Edition. Bob will get to the bottom of it!
Somebody please tell incompetent ( thanks for my high poll numbers ) & corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff to stop leaking Classified information or, even worse, made up information, to the Fake News Media. Someday he will be caught, & that will be a very unpleasant experience!
Look forward to being with all of my friends and supporters on Saturday, February 29th! #KAG2020
Departing for India with Melania!
Just another Shifty Schiff leak. Isn’t there a law about this stuff?
“The Kremlin is reportedly backing Bernie Sanders bid to win the White House.” Jon Scott Why didn’t somebody tell me this?
Looks like Crazy Bernie is doing well in the Great State of Nevada. Biden & the rest look weak, & no way Mini Mike can restart his campaign after the worst debate performance in the history of Presidential Debates. Congratulations Bernie, & don’t let them take it away from you!
Look so forward to being with my great friends in INDIA!
Wow, great foresight!

Democrats in the Great State of Nevada ( Which, because of the Economy, Jobs, the Military & Vets, I will win in November ), be careful of Russia, Russia, Russia. According to Corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff, they are pushing for Crazy Bernie Sanders to win. Vote!
“An investigation into NOTHING.” The wonderful on the Mueller Witch Hunt!
Incredible people, great Rally!
Good luck Angela!
Simply put, he choked!
... The reason for this is that the Do Nothing Democrats, using disinformation Hoax number 7, don’t want Bernie Sanders to get the Democrat Nomination, and they figure this would be very bad for his chances. It’s all rigged, again, against Crazy Bernie Sanders!
MSDNC ( Comcast Slime ), and others of the Fake Media, have now added Crazy Bernie to the list of Russian Sympathizers, along with & Jill Stein ( of the Green Party ), both agents of Russia, they say. But now they report President Putin wants Bernie ( or me ) to win.
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, & every walk of life. We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy & enthusiasm. We are welcoming Americans of all parties & political persuasions to join our incredible movement to #MAGA!
THANK YOU Las Vegas, Nevada! I was delighted to be back in a state I love, with proud, hardworking PATRIOTS. With your help, this November, we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Democrats, and we are going to win Nevada in a landslide! #KAG2020
ON MY WAY! #KAG2020 🇺 🇸
So has very bad ratings on with his Fake guests like A.B.Stoddard and others that still haven’t figured it all out. Will he get the same treatment as his friend Shepherd Smith, who also suffered from the ratings drought?
Highest Trump Poll Numbers EVER! Thank you!
Mitch and I have made great progress. Coming back fast!
Four great candidates are under consideration at DNI. Decision within next few weeks!
Great!
Another misinformation campaign is being launched by Democrats in Congress saying that Russia prefers me to any of the Do Nothing Democrat candidates who still have been unable to, after two weeks, count their votes in Iowa. Hoax number 7!
IF OUR FORMALLY TARGETED FARMERS NEED ADDITIONAL AID UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE TRADE DEALS WITH CHINA, MEXICO, CANADA AND OTHERS FULLY KICK IN, THAT AID WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT, PAID FOR OUT OF THE MASSIVE TARIFF MONEY COMING INTO THE USA!
“She should never have been on that jury. Everything about this stinks.”
Great Rally In Colorado. Thank you, will be back soon!
Thank you to our great US Ambassador to Germany, , for stepping in to serve as acting DNI. I will be nominating a terrific candidate for the job very soon. Stay tuned!
I was thrilled to be back in Colorado Springs tonight, beneath the majestic peaks of the Rocky Mountains, with thousands of terrific, hardworking American Patriots. With your help, this November, we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Dems, and we are going to WIN Colorado!
Wow, thank you — on my way!!
Just arrived in Colorado, see everyone soon!
Could somebody at please explain to Trump hater A. B. Stoddard ( zero talent! ) and, that I won every one of my debates, from beginning to end. Check the polls taken immediately after the debates. The debates got me elected. Must be Fox Board Member Paul Ryan!
It was my great honor to deliver the commencement address at the’s Hope for Prisoners Graduation Ceremony today, where we reaffirmed that America is a nation that believes in REDEMPTION!
“The real winner last night was Donald Trump.” Mini Mike Bloomberg. I agree!
“The decision not to prosecute Andy McCabe is utterly inexplicable.”
“I don’t think there’s any chance whatsoever of Senator Sanders defeating President Trump.” Mini Mike Bloomberg. Mini, there’s even less chance, especially after watching your debate performance last night, of you winning the Democrat nomination... But I hope you do!
John Kerry and Senator Chris Murphy grossly violated the Logan Act with respect to Iran. If a Republican did what they did, there would be very serious ramifications!
“They say Roger Stone lied to Congress.” OH, I see, but so did Comey ( and he also leaked classified information, for which almost everyone, other than Crooked Hillary Clinton, goes to jail for a long time ), and so did Andy McCabe, who also lied to the FBI! FAIRNESS?
This makes Mini Mike look good compared to his performance last night. Worst debate performance in history!
A really great moment!
This is the REAL Mini Mike. He admitted, many times, that he is “a fan of Donald Trump. He’s a New York ICON.” Thank you Mike!
. ( Jennifer Rubin ), the wacko “conservative” of the, must learn how to spell the name Bloomberg before it is too late & he is gone!

Mini Mike Bloomberg’s debate performance tonight was perhaps the worst in the history of debates, and there have been some really bad ones. He was stumbling, bumbling and grossly incompetent. If this doesn’t knock him out of the race, nothing will. Not so easy to do what I did!
Thank you Arizona! With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep ON WINNING! America is thriving like never before, and the BEST IS YET TO COME!
“What has happened to Roger Stone should never happen to anyone in our Country again.”

The Democrat party is the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total destruction of your Second Amendment. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream!
A beautiful evening in Phoenix, Arizona with Great American Patriots. THANK YOU!
Wow!
... for the wonderful job he has done, and we look forward to working with him closely, perhaps in another capacity within the Administration!
I am pleased to announce that our highly respected Ambassador to Germany, , will become the Acting Director of National Intelligence. Rick has represented our Country exceedingly well and I look forward to working with him. I would like to thank Joe Maguire...
I AM ON MY WAY, SEE YOU SOON!
Heading to Arizona, big rally and big crowd! #MAGA #KAG2020
Rod Blagojevich did not sell the Senate seat. He served 8 years in prison, with many remaining. He paid a big price. Another Comey and gang deal! Thank you to who really “gets” what’s going on!
Internal REAL Polls show I am beating all of the Dem candidates. The Fake News Polls ( here we go again, just like 2016 ) show losing or tied. Their polls will be proven corrupt on November 3rd, just like the Fake News is corrupt!
I would like to thank John Rood for his service to our Country, and wish him well in his future endeavors!
Highest Stock Market In History, By Far!
Is corrupt Bloomberg News going to say what a pathetic debater Mini Mike is, that he doesn’t respect our great farmers, or that he has violated campaign finance laws at the highest and most sinister level with “payoffs” all over the place?
Kerry & Murphy illegally violated the Logan Act. This is why Iran is not making a deal. Must be dealt with strongly!
There must be JUSTICE. This can never happen to a President, or our Country, again!
Congratulations to Eddie DeBartolo Jr. and your wonderful family of friends!
... And this despite Fake Witch Hunts, the Mueller Scam, the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy, Jobs, Military, Vets, 2A & more, I would be at 70 %. Oh well, what can you do?
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG2020
I hope the Federal Judges Association will discuss the tremendous FISA Court abuse that has taken place with respect to the Mueller Investigation Scam, including the forging of documents and knowingly using the fake and totally discredited Dossier before the Court. Thank you!
Mini Mike. No, I would rather run against you!
... And this despite Fake Witch Hunts, the Mueller Scam, the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy, Jobs, Military, Vets, 2A & more, I would be at 70 %. Oh well, what can you do?
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG2020
... Mini is illegally buying the Democrat Nomination. They are taking it away from Bernie again. Mini Mike, Major Party Nominations are not for sale! Good luck in the debate tomorrow night and remember, no standing on boxes!
What Mini Mike is doing is nothing less than a large scale illegal campaign contribution. He is “spreading” money all over the place, only to have recipients of his cash payments, many former opponents, happily joining or supporting his campaign. Isn’t that called a payoff?...
Chris Jacobs will be a great Congressman who will always fight for the people of New York. He supports our #MAGA Agenda, will continue to Secure Our Border, Loves our Military, Vets, and is Strong on the #2A. Chris has my Complete Endorsement for the Special Election on 4/28!
The Mayor’s efforts to shield illegal aliens endangers the lives of the public and law enforcement who have to go into the field to apprehend those released. He shouldn’t be urging illegals to beat the system, he should be urging them to safely turn themselves in!
... And this despite Fake Witch Hunts, the Mueller Scam, the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy, Jobs, Military, Vets, 2A & more, I would be at 70 %. Oh well, what can you do?
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG2020
... existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the President & the people who support him. Don’t you think we wanted to know that before we put you on this jury. ’ Pretty obvious he should ( get a new trial ). I think almost any judge in the Country...
... would order a new trial, I ’ m not so sure about Judge Jackson, I don’t know. ” ( Andrew Napolitano )
“ Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous & self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury, whose also a lawyer, by the way. ‘ Madam foreperson, you’re a lawyer, you have a duty, an affirmative obligation, to reveal to us when we selected you the...
... product and goods to China and other countries. That’s what trade is all about. We don’t want to make it impossible to do business with us. That will only mean that orders will go to someplace else. As an example, I want China to buy our jet engines, the best in the World...
... I have seen some of the regulations being circulated, including those being contemplated by Congress, and they are ridiculous. I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States, not difficult. Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed, with no excuses...
... THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
The United States cannot, & will not, become such a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product, including for the always used National Security excuse, that our companies will be forced to leave in order to remain competitive. We want to sell...
“ Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous & self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury, whose also a lawyer, by the way. ‘ Madam foreperson, you’re a lawyer, you have a duty, an affirmative obligation, to reveal to us when we selected you the...
... THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
... THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
... I have seen some of the regulations being circulated, including those being contemplated by Congress, and they are ridiculous. I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States, not difficult. Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed, with no excuses...
... product and goods to China and other countries. That’s what trade is all about. We don’t want to make it impossible to do business with us. That will only mean that orders will go to someplace else. As an example, I want China to buy our jet engines, the best in the World...
The United States cannot, & will not, become such a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product, including for the always used National Security excuse, that our companies will be forced to leave in order to remain competitive. We want to sell...
The Crooked DNC is working overtime to take the Democrat Nomination away from Bernie, AGAIN! Watch what happens to the Super Delegates in Round Two. A Rigged Convention!
... BUT MAYBE I STILL WILL. WITCH HUNT!
... badly tainted and, in my opinion, should be thrown out. Even Mueller’s statement to Congress that he did not see me to become the FBI Director ( again ), has been proven false. The whole deal was a total SCAM. If I wasn’t President, I ’ d be suing everyone all over the place...
These were Mueller prosecutors, and the whole Mueller investigation was illegally set up based on a phony and now fully discredited Fake Dossier, lying and forging documents to the FISA Court, and many other things. Everything having to do with this fraudulent investigation is...
... existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the President & the people who support him. Don’t you think we wanted to know that before we put you on this jury. ’ Pretty obvious he should ( get a new trial ). I think almost any judge in the Country...
... would order a new trial, I ’ m not so sure about Judge Jackson, I don’t know. ” ( Andrew Napolitano )
“ Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous & self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury, whose also a lawyer, by the way. ‘ Madam foreperson, your a lawyer, you have a duty, an affirmative obligation, to reveal to us when we selected you the...
Thank you Clint!
Praying for Ryan Newman, a great and brave driver! #PrayingForRyan
... ever. Had to rebuild our military, which was totally depleted. Fed Rate UP, taxes and regulations WAY DOWN. If Dems won in 2016, the USA would be in big economic ( Depression? ) & military trouble right now. THE BEST IS YET TO COME. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Did you hear the latest con job? President Obama is now trying to take credit for the Economic Boom taking place under the Trump Administration. He had the WEAKEST recovery since the Great Depression, despite Zero Fed Rate & MASSIVE quantitative easing. NOW, best jobs numbers...

Completion of the Daytona 500 on Fox Network now. Enjoy!
“They tried to Impeach the President eight times before this last Impeachment trial that we went through. In Arizona, people are tired of their obstruction, their investigations, and their Impeachments. They want them to get to work.” Thanks Martha
HAPPY PRESIDENT’S DAY!
#DAYTONA500
Last week the Fake News said that a section of our powerful, under construction, Southern Border Wall “fell over ”, trying to make it sound terrible, except the reason was that the concrete foundation was just poured & soaking wet when big winds kicked in. Quickly fixed “ forever”.
Getting ready to go to the Daytona 500. Will be GREAT!
Thank you to for your kind words on the great progress we have made on our powerful African-American Agenda. For one, lowest unemployment numbers in USA history. Many other great records!
BIG PROGRESS!
Remember, will be at Daytona 500 tomorrow!
Years ago the Democrats had the money to build the Wall, but they didn’t have any idea how to get it done. I am building it bigger and better than ever thought possible!
Thank you David!
IG report on Andrew McCabe: Misled Investigators over roll in news media disclosure... Lacked Candor ( Lied ) on four separate occasions... Authotized Media Leaks to advance personal interests... IG RECOMMENDED MCCABE’S FIRING.
... biggest test of his presidency emboldened, ready to claim exoneration, and take his case of grievance, persecution and resentment to the campaign trail. ” Peter Baker The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
“Ralph Waldo Emerson seemed to foresee the lesson of the Senate Impeachment Trial of President Trump. ‘ When you strike at the King, Emerson famously said, “ you must kill him.’ Mr. Trump’s foes struck at him but did not take him down. A triumphant Mr.Trump emerges from the...
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Nice!
Great honor, I think? Mark Zuckerberg recently stated that “Donald J. Trump is Number 1 on Facebook. Number 2 is Prime Minister Modi of India.” Actually, I am going to India in two weeks. Looking forward to it!
. is a Fantastic Republican from the Great State of Texas! He fully supports our #MAGA and #KAG Agenda, Border WALL, Military, Vets, and your Second Amendment. Louie is my friend and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
I look forward to attending the Daytona 500 on Sunday with lots of my great friends from Florida, including the France family and from #FL6. See you there, good luck to everyone!
Thank you Arnold, very nice.
It has been two years since the tragedy in Parkland. We will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us – 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators. Earlier this week, I met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still pierce the soul...
... Today, and I encourage all Americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service. We will hold Parkland forever in our hearts.
. is a Fantastic Republican from the Great State of Texas! He fully supports our #MAGA and #KAG Agenda, Border WALL, Military, Vets, and your Second Amendment. Louie is my friend and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. is a strong Conservative Leader who will always fight for the people of California. He fully supports our #MAGA Agenda, will continue to Secure Our Border, Loves our Military & Vets, & is Strong on the #2A. Tom has my Complete Endorsement!
. from the Great State of Texas has been an incredible supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. Jodey fully supports Securing our Border w / the WALL, he Loves our Military & Vets, and is Strong on the #2A. Jodey has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. Brooks is running for Congress in the Great State of Alabama. He is a huge supporter of the #MAGA Agenda. Mo fully supports Securing our Border w / the WALL, he Loves our Military & Vets, & is Strong on the #2A. Mo has my Complete Endorsement!
“The Greatest name in politics,” Patrick from the Great State of North Carolina, is a Conservative Fighter and a true Leader who ALWAYS supports our #MAGA Agenda. Patrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
... Today, and I encourage all Americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service. We will hold Parkland forever in our hearts.
It has been two years since the tragedy in Parkland. We will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us – 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators. Earlier this week, I met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still piece the soul...
Thank you to the beautiful country of Cambodia for accepting the ship Westerdam into your port. The United States will remember your courtesy!
It is happening again to Crazy Bernie, just like last time, only far more obvious. They are taking the Democrat Nomination away from him, and there’s very little he can do. A Rigged System!
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
... always continue. Every Republican Senator except Romney, many highly religious people, all very smart, voted against the Impeachment Hoax. was all in ( a great person ). I was told by many that Manchin was just a puppet for Schumer & Pelosi. That’s what he is!
I was very surprised & disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrat’s totally partisan Impeachment Hoax. No President has done more for the great people of West Virginia than me ( Pensions ), and that will...
“President Trump, with smart policies, has done more to help the Black community than any President in the modern era.”
“The President has never asked me to do anything in a criminal case.” A. G. Barr This doesn’t mean that I do not have, as President, the legal right to do so, I do, but I have so far chosen not to!
I ’ m seeing Governor Cuomo today at The White House. He must understand that National Security far exceeds politics. New York must stop all of its unnecessary lawsuits & harrassment, start cleaning itself up, and lowering taxes. Build relationships, but don’t bring Fredo!
... which he actually has a military and legal obligation to do. His incredible wife, Karen, who I have a lot of respect for, once pulled me aside & said strongly that “John respects you greatly. When we are no longer here, he will only speak well of you.” Wrong!
When I terminated John Kelly, which I couldn’t do fast enough, he knew full well that he was way over his head. Being Chief of Staff just wasn’t for him. He came in with a bang, went out with a whimper, but like so many X’s, he misses the action & just can’t keep his mouth shut,.
DRAIN THE SWAMP! We want bad people out of our government!
Mini Mike is a 5 ’ 4 ” mass of dead energy who does not want to be on the debate stage with these professional politicians. No boxes please. He hates Crazy Bernie and will, with enough money, possibly stop him. Bernie’s people will go nuts!
Mini Mike Bloomberg is a LOSER who has money but can’t debate and has zero presence, you will see. He reminds me of a tiny version of Jeb “Low Energy” Bush, but Jeb has more political skill and has treated the Black community much better than Mini!
“Deven Nunes predicts that more examples of Mueller team misconduct will be revealed in coming weeks.”
Now it looks like the fore person in the jury, in the Roger Stone case, had significant bias. Add that to everything else, and this is not looking good for the “Justice” Department.
GREAT NEWS! #KAG2020 🇺 🇸
. is a fantastic candidate running in New York, where she was a Great member of Congress. She is Strong on Crime, Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, and she Loves our Military and Vets. Claudia has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. is running for Congress in NY, I know her well, we need her to defeat Max Rose, who voted for Impeachment! Nicole is Strong on Crime & Borders, #2A, Cutting Taxes, & she Loves our Military & Vets. Nicole has my Complete & Total Endorsement!
. Rosendale is a Strong & Conservative fighter for Montana. Matt stands w / our Brave Veterans, Loves our Military, and he will continue working to Secure our Border. Matt will NEVER let our #2A go unprotected. Matt has my Total Endorsement!
. is running for Congress in the Great State of Texas. He will help us accomplish our America First policies. Wesley is strong on Crime, the Border, our 2nd Amendment, Trade, Military and Vets. Wesley has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. is a Great Veteran and Strong Leader for Texas where he is running for Congress. He will protect your #2A, fight for our Farmers, Oil / Gas Workers, and he supports our #MAGA & #KAG Agenda. August has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. did Great things as Mayor of Irving, Texas, with my Administration. She is a Strong Conservative who supports Border Security, Loves our Military, Vets, and supports your #2A. Beth has my Full Endorsement for Congress!
. of California is running for Congress in 2020. Jay will help me to continue securing the Southern Border, he Loves our GREAT Law Enforcement Officers, Military, Vets, and he will protect your #2A. Jay has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Ending surprise medical billing moving ahead in Congress! Thanks to Ways & Means and Education / Labor Committees for your work on Bills to protect patients and end medical bill ripoffs! Work with Energy & Commerce, HELP committees to send BIPARTISAN bill to my desk!
... If my hands were tied, Iran would have a field day. Sends a very bad signal. The Democrats are only doing this as an attempt to embarrass the Republican Party. Don’t let it happen!
It is very important for our Country’s SECURITY that the United States Senate not vote for the Iran War Powers Resolution. We are doing very well with Iran and this is not the time to show weakness. Americans overwhelmingly support our attack on terrorist Soleimani...

., “Every Democrat is running to raise taxes. She ( Pocahontas ) lied about her ethnicity, that was her problem.” So true Dagen!
Two months in jail for a Swamp Creature, yet 9 years recommended for Roger Stone ( who was not even working for the Trump Campaign ). Gee, that sounds very fair! Rogue prosecutors maybe? The Swamp!
Congratulations to Attorney General Bill Barr for taking charge of a case that was totally out of control and perhaps should not have even been brought. Evidence now clearly shows that the Mueller Scam was improperly brought & tainted. Even Bob Mueller lied to Congress!
Fake News and MSDNC have not surprisingly refused to talk about my record setting number of voters in New Hampshire ( and in Iowa ). That’s why they are poorly rated Fake News! I will win both states in November.
The Fake News Media is looking hard for the Big Democrat Story, but there is nothing too fabulous. Wouldn’t a big story be that I got more New Hampshire Primary Votes than any incumbent president, in either party, in the history of that Great State? Not an insignificant fact!
Thank you Brad!
Prosecutorial Misconduct?
Bootedgeedge ( Buttigieg ) is doing pretty well tonight. Giving Crazy Bernie a run for his money. Very interesting!
A very bad night for Mini Mike!
A lot of Democrat dropouts tonight, very low political I. Q.
Who are the four prosecutors ( Mueller people? ) who cut and ran after being exposed for recommending a ridiculous 9 year prison sentence to a man that got caught up in an investigation that was illegal, the Mueller Scam, and shouldn’t ever even have started? 13 Angry Democrats?
Impeachment King Steyer ( how did that work out? ) spent 200 Million Dollars and got less than 1 % of the vote in Iowa, and only 3 % of the Vote in New Hampshire. Could it be that something is just plain missing? Not easy to do what I did, is it?
Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, is having a really bad night. I think she is sending signals that she wants out. Calling for unity is her way of getting there, going home, and having a “nice cold beer” with her husband!
Whatever happened to Hillary campaign manager Podesta’s BROTHER? Wasn’t he caught, forced to leave his firm, with BIG BAD things to happen? Why did nothing ever happen to him, only to the “other” side?
... And a swamp creature with “pull” was just sentenced to two months in jail for a similar thing that they want Stone to serve 9 years for. A phony Mueller Witch Hunt disgrace. Caught!
Is this the Judge that put Paul Manafort in SOLITARY CONFINEMENT, something that not even mobster Al Capone had to endure? How did she treat Crooked Hillary Clinton? Just asking!
All starting to unravel with the ridiculous 9 year sentence recommendation!
When Jerome Powell started his testimony today, the Dow was up 125, & heading higher. As he spoke it drifted steadily downward, as usual, and is now at - 15. Germany & other countries get paid to borrow money. We are more prime, but Fed Rate is too high, Dollar tough on exports.
Mini Mike is a short ball ( very ) hitter. Tiny club head speed. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
New Stock Market RECORD. Congratulations, spend your money wisely. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!!!
Great being in New Hampshire last night. I would say that was the biggest political Rally in New Hampshire history. Incredible evening!
WOW, BLOOMBERG IS A TOTAL RACIST!
BEST USA ECONOMY IN HISTORY!
This is a horrible and very unfair situation. The real crimes were on the other side, as nothing happens to them. Cannot allow this miscarriage of justice!
Just returned to White House from Dover. Very sad!
Nice conflict. Brown dropped out of presidential race FAST. Polled at ZERO!
Disgraceful!
Should never happen to another President!
TOUGH GUYS FOR TRUMP!
THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!
“A lot of people feel defeated... Trump always wins. It seems like nothing can stop him.” Danny Villazon But isn’t that what you want from your President?
Wall Street Journal Editorial: “She ( Crazy Nancy ) aimed at Trump and hit Uncle Joe.”
Meeting with U. S. Governors in a short while. All States are doing well. “Thank you Mr. President.”
Thank you to of the New York Post for your interesting ( and correct ) column today. “Trump has gained 20 points since Impeachment began in October. He gets 67 % on economy. Nonwhite approval of Trump is also at a high: 28 %, up 10 points in a year. Nice one, Nancy.”
Hope the Fake News, which never discusses it, is talking about the big crowds forming for my New Hampshire Rally tonight. They won’t!
Because of how badly they did with the Impeachment Hoax, AOC will primary Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer, and win, and Jerry Nadler has a good chance of losing to his far left primary opponent! It is all getting quite interesting. Pelosi will lose the House, AGAIN! My poll numbers great.
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a Record! 53 % overall ( plus add 9 points? ). Corrupt Democrat politicians have brought me to highest polling numbers ever with the Impeachment Hoax. Thank you Nancy!
Will be in Manchester, New Hampshire, tonight for a big Rally. Want to shake up the Dems a little bit - they have a really boring deal going on. Still waiting for the Iowa results, votes were fried. Big crowds in Manchester!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
... This is the biggest political crime in American History, by far. SIMPLY PUT, THE PARTY IN POWER ILLEGALLY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, BOTH BEFORE AND AFTER THE ELECTION, IN ORDER TO CHANGE OR NULLIFY THE RESULTS OF THE ELECTION. IT CONTINUED ON WITH THE IMPEACHMENT HOAX. Terrible!
FBI Director Christopher Wray just admitted that the FISA Warrants and Survailence of my campaign were illegal. So was the Fake Dossier. THEREFORE, THE WHOLE SCAM INVESTIGATION, THE MUELLER REPORT AND EVERYTHING ELSE FOR THREE YEARS, WAS A FIXED HOAX. WHO PAYS THE PRICE?...
So good to see that Republicans will be winning the Great State of Alabama Senate Seat back, now that lightweight Senator cast a partisan vote for the Impeachment Hoax. Thought his boss, Cryin ’ Chuck, would have forced him to vote against the Hoax. A Do Nothing Stiff!
. is much better at giving you the answer after everything is finished and the final result is in, than he is at telling you what is going to happen because, in fact, he doesn’t have a clue!
Sabato got it all wrong last time, never came close to understanding the Trump Voter. Actually it’s simple, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
It’s all turning, and fast! MVP Heckler.
“They ( Conservatives ) thought the merits of the Impeachment case were weak, and therefore his ( Romney’s ) judgement is questioned.”
They are really mad at Senator Joe Munchkin in West Virginia. He couldn’t understand the Transcripts. Romney could, but didn’t want to!
Romney hurt some very good Republican Senators, and he was wrong about the Impeachment Hoax. No clue!
Yes!!!
This is so true!
This will never get old!
DeFace the Nation will tell that he must start up Judiciary and not stop until the job is done. Clean up D. C. now, last chance!
I grew up in New York City and, over many years, got to watch how GREAT NYC’s “Finest” are. Now, because of weak leadership at Governor & Mayor, stand away ( water thrown at them ) regulations, and lack of support, our wonderful NYC police are under assault. Stop this now!
The Dems are crazed, they will do anything. Honesty & truth don’t matter to them. They are badly wounded. Iowa vote count was a disaster for them!
Leading also in New Hampshire and most states. The Fake News hates to report this, but you will see on November 3rd.
The feeling of many about!
Thank you to everyone for all of the great reviews I have gotten on my State of the Union Speech. It was an immense honor for me to have presented it to you and the citizens of our very strong and wonderful Country!
... But, just like the people of West Virginia will no longer look at weak & pathetic Joe Manchin the same ( I got the Pension Bill approved, Manchin couldn’t do it ), the wonderful people of Utah will never look at “grandstander” Mitt Romney with anything but contempt & disgust!
Can’t say I mind the fact that the great people of West Virginia are furious at their puppet Democrat Senator, Joe Manchin. They will never forget his phony vote on the Impeachment Hoax. All he had to do is read the Transcripts, sadly, which he wouldn’t understand anyway...
Law Enforcement has been notified. Be careful tough guys who you play with!
Great lineup on tonight with, and &. All starts at 8: 00 P. M. Will be discussing and explaining the Impeachment Hoax!
A great coach and a fantastic guy. His endorsement of me in Indiana was a very big deal!
Pete Rose played Major League Baseball for 24 seasons, from 1963-1986, and had more hits, 4,256, than any other player ( by a wide margin ). He gambled, but only on his own team winning, and paid a decades long price. GET PETE ROSE INTO THE BASEBALL HALL OF FAME. It’s Time!
Total and complete Endorsement for Debbie Lesko! Love Arizona.
Governor Cuomo wanted to see me this weekend. He just canceled. Very hard to work with New York - So stupid. All they do is sue me all the time!
More Fake News. This was photoshopped, obviously, but the wind was strong and the hair looks good? Anything to demean!
We will not be touching your Social Security or Medicare in Fiscal 2021 Budget. Only the Democrats will destroy them by destroying our Country’s greatest ever Economy!
... the worst weeks ever. ” She could have had a much better week if Crazy Nancy, who is the most overrated person in politics ( going to lose the House a second time ), didn’t bring the phony & corrupt Impeachment Hoax. Dems can’t do anything right, just look at the Iowa vote count!
., who called me, tears flowing, to thank me for rolling out the maximum “Red Carpet” for the funeral of her husband, then voted against me on the partisan Impeachmen Hoax, said “ everybody ( Dems ) wants to get out of town. This has been, in my whole career, one of...
The only way to stop the crazed Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats “is for the Republican Senate to run an offense here”. So true, although the Dems Hoaxes & Witch Hunts have driven up Republican Polls, and mine, mightily!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi’s Impeachment Hoax has lifted Republican Congressional Polls ( she lost the House once before! ), and my Polls, WAY UP, which was expected, but it has had a great effect on Republican Senate races, including North Carolina, Kentucky, Colorado and Arizona. Thanks!
Thank you Iowa for the RECORD vote we just received in the Primary. The Dems were 25 % down ( although their votes are all fried! ).
Fake News & MSDNC keep talking about “Lt. Col. ” Vindman as though I should think only how wonderful he was. Actually, I don’t know him, never spoke to him, or met him ( I don’t believe! ) but, he was very insubordinate, reported contents of my “ perfect” calls incorrectly, &...
... was given a horrendous report by his superior, the man he reported to, who publicly stated that Vindman had problems with judgement, adhering to the chain of command and leaking information. In other words, “OUT”.
Not good!

... always continue. Every Republican Senator except Romney, many highly religious people, all very smart, voted against the Impeachment Hoax. was all in ( a great person ). I was told by many that Manchin was just a puppet for Schumer & Pelosi. That’s all he is!
I was very surprised & disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrat’s totally partisan Impeachment Hoax. No President has done more for the great people of West Virginia than me ( Pensions ), and that will...
Great to be in Charlotte, North Carolina as we expand and grow this unprecedented economic momentum. Today, we launched a brand new nationwide campaign to revitalize under-served cities and towns across America – it’s called OPPORTUNITY NOW!
Another win just in. Nervous Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats in Congress sued me, thrown out. This one unanimous, in the D. C. Circuit. Witch Hunt!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #PromisesMadePromisesKept 🇺 🇸
Iowa and New Hampshire will not be moved from the Primary Schedule as long as I am President. Great tradition!
Off to North Carolina!
The Democrat Party has given up on counting votes in Iowa. Looks like it all got computer “fried”. Nobody knows who the real winner is. Maybe it’s Sleepy Joe, but it’s not looking that way. They lost millions & millions of dollars, all for NOTHING. But I WON Iowa big!

I think they should blame RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA again! If they can’t count votes properly, how are they going to run U. S. HealthCare?
Welcome back James!
Very true, thank you Ted & John. I love Texas!
So do I!
Thank you Charlie!
Don’t worry, it won’t happen!
... he will be successful, especially as the weather starts to warm & the virus hopefully becomes weaker, and then gone. Great discipline is taking place in China, as President Xi strongly leads what will be a very successful operation. We are working closely with China to help!
Just had a long and very good conversation by phone with President Xi of China. He is strong, sharp and powerfully focused on leading the counterattack on the Coronavirus. He feels they are doing very well, even building hospitals in a matter of only days. Nothing is easy, but...
“The Senate acquitted President Trump of both charges fabricated by Congressional Democrats, led by Speaker Pelosi and Adam Schiff, to carry out the most egregious and partisan attack against any president in our history - a man they knew to be innocent.”
“This President has done more for African Americans in this Country than any President since Lincoln.”
Welcome back to Earth, , and congratulations on breaking the female record for the longest stay in space! You’re inspiring young women and making the USA proud! Enjoyed speaking with you and on the first all-female spacewalk IN HISTORY last year.
Nevada, I hear you on Yucca Mountain and my Administration will RESPECT you! Congress and previous Administrations have long failed to find lasting solutions – my Administration is committed to exploring innovative approaches – I ’ m confident we can get it done!
So true!

Had failed presidential candidate devoted the same energy and anger to defeating a faltering Barack Obama as he sanctimoniously does to me, he could have won the election. Read the Transcripts!
“The Votes Were A Resounding Victory For Mr. Trump.” True, but the Impeachment Hoax was just a continuation of the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats corrupt practices!
“What Really Happened”
I will be making a public statement tomorrow at 12:00 pm from the to discuss our Country’s VICTORY on the Impeachment Hoax!

“The Democrats want to run a Country, and they can’t run a Caucus.” Brad Blakeman Iowa is a complete disaster for the Dems. They should bring in Mini Mike Bloomberg ASAP!
Thank you Jonathan, and great job!
It was a great and triumphant evening for our Country. Thank you for all of the nice remarks and wonderful reviews of my State of the Union Speech. It was my great honor to have done it!
#SOTU2020

My Approval Rating in the Republican Party = 95 %, a record! Big Iowa win. Approval Rating overall = 53 %, a new high. With our great Economy and other major successes, would be 20 points higher without the phony Witch Hunts and Hoaxes???
Market up big today on very good economic news. JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
The Democrat Party in Iowa really messed up, but the Republican Party did not. I had the largest re-election vote in the history of that great state, by far, beating President Obama’s previous record by a lot. Also, 97 % Plus of the vote! Thank you Iowa!
When will the Democrats start blaming RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA, instead of their own incompetence for the voting disaster that just happened in the Great State of Iowa?
It is not the fault of Iowa, it is the Do Nothing Democrats fault. As long as I am President, Iowa will stay where it is. Important tradition!
The Democrat Caucus is an unmitigated disaster. Nothing works, just like they ran the Country. Remember the 5 Billion Dollar Obamacare Website, that should have cost 2 % of that. The only person that can claim a very big victory in Iowa last night is “Trump”.
Big WIN for us in Iowa tonight. Thank you!
Many people do not know what a great guy & fantastic political talent the great Rush Limbaugh is. There is nobody like him. Looking for a speedy recovery for our friend!

Where’s the Whistleblower? Where’s the second Whistleblower? Where’s the Informer? Why did Corrupt politician Schiff MAKE UP my conversation with the Ukrainian President??? Why didn’t the House do its job? And sooo much more!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Republicans in Iowa, go out and Caucus today. Your great Trade Deals with China, Mexico, Canada, Japan, South Korea and more, are DONE. Great times are coming, after waiting for decades, for our Farmers, Ranchers, Manufacturers and ALL. Nobody else could have pulled this off!
I hope Republicans & the American people realize that the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax is exacty that, a Hoax. Read the Transcripts, listen to what the President & Foreign Minister of Ukraine said ( “No Pressure” ). Nothing will ever satisfy the Do Nothing, Radical Left Dems!

The DNC on Bernie Sanders, “Looks like they’re going to do it to him again, doesn’t it?”
Hope you liked this!
Great company!
Thank you Mike!
So Great!
Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game and a fantastic comeback under immense pressure. We are proud of you and the Great State of Missouri. You are true Champions!
Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game, and a fantastic comeback, under immense pressure. You represented the Great State of Kansas and, in fact, the entire USA, so very well. Our Country is PROUD OF YOU!
I promised to restore hope in America. That includes the least among us. Together, let’s KEEP AMERICA GREAT! Text TRUMP to 88022 if you liked our Super Bowl ad!
ENJOY THE GAME USA, OUR COUNTRY IS DOING GREAT!
My Interview at 3:30 P. M. on. Enjoy!
Mini Mike is now negotiating both to get on the Democrat Primary debate stage, and to have the right to stand on boxes, or a lift, during the debates. This is sometimes done, but really not fair!
Many of the ads you are watching were paid for by Mini Mike Bloomberg. He is going nowhere, just wasting his money, but he is getting the DNC to rig the election against Crazy Bernie, something they wouldn’t do for and others. They are doing it to Bernie again, 2016.
Mini Mike is part of the Fake News. They are all working together. In fact, Bloomberg isn’t covering himself ( too boring to do ), or other Dems. Only Trump. That sounds fair! It’s all the Fake News Media, and that’s why nobody believes in them any more.
The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, don’t want justice when pushing the Impeachment Hoax, they only want to destabilize the Republican Party so they can do better in the 2020 election, & that includes the House & Senate. They are playing with the people by taking it this far!
Correct!
Thanks for your invaluable help Chuck!
Wall is moving along strong, tall and quickly. Thank you Jim for all of your help!
Thank you John!
Happy birthday to a wonderful man & friend!
Such a great, common sense, question. Crazy!
Getting a little exercise this morning!
Trump poll numbers are the highest since election, despite constant phony Witch Hunts! Tens of thousands of people attending rallies ( which the Fake News never mentions ) to see “The Greatest Show On Earth”. Fun because USA is WINNING AGAIN!
Congratulations to, Number One. Lou has shown the Fake News what happens when you cover “America’s Greatest President” fairly & objectively! #MAGA #KAG
No matter what you give to the Democrats, in the end, they will NEVER be satisfied. In the House, they gave us NOTHING!
Democrats = 17 Witnesses. Republicans = 0 Witnesses.
The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats keep chanting “fairness”, when they put on the most unfair Witch Hunt in the history of the U. S. Congress. They had 17 Witnesses, we were allowed ZERO, and no lawyers. They didn’t do their job, had no case. The Dems are scamming America!
Incredible numbers!
Nadler ripped final argument away from Schiff, thinks Shifty did a terrible job. They are fighting big time!
THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Americans across the political spectrum are disgusted by the Washington Democrats’ Partisan Hoaxes, Witch Hunts, & Con Jobs. Registered Democrats and Independents are leaving the Democrat Party in droves, & we are welcoming these voters to the Republican Party w / wide open arms!
Washington Dems have spent the last 3 years trying to overturn the last election – and we will make sure they face another crushing defeat in the NEXT ELECTION. Together, we are going to win back the House, we are going to hold the Senate, & we are going to keep the White House!
To keep America Safe, we have fully rebuilt the U. S. Military – it is now stronger, more powerful, and more lethal than ever before. Thanks to the courage of American Heroes, the ISIS Caliphate has been DESTROYED & its founder & leader – the animal known as al-Baghdadi – is DEAD!
This November, we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Democrats and win the Great State of Iowa in a Historic Landslide! #KAG2020
Thank you Iowa, I love you!
Great poll in Iowa, where I just landed for a Big Rally! #KAG2020 🇺 🇸
Working closely with China and others on Coronavirus outbreak. Only 5 people in U. S., all in good recovery.
Leaving Michigan now, great visit, heading for Iowa. Big Rally!
BIGGEST TRADE DEAL EVER MADE, the USMCA, was signed yesterday and the Fake News Media barely mentioned it. They never thought it could be done. They have zero credibility!
Just landed in Michigan. Car companies, and many others, are building and expanding here. Great to see!
Happy birthday today to two of the very best in Congress — ( age 48 ) and ( age 40 — big one! ). Two Great American Patriots!!
Congressman has done a Great job representing the people of Texas. He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Mike is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Brian of Texas has been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. He is strong on the Second Amendment and Securing our Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Brian has my Complete and Total Endorsement!




Great photos from a SOUTHERN BORDER WALL Briefing with Secretary of Defense, Mark!
“Schiff blasted for not focusing on California homeless.” His District is in terrible shape. He is a corrupt pol who only dreams of the Impeachment Hoax. In my opinion he is mentally deranged!


Just received a briefing on the Coronavirus in China from all of our GREAT agencies, who are also working closely with China. We will continue to monitor the ongoing developments. We have the best experts anywhere in the world, and they are on top of it 24/7!
Nancy Pelosi wants Congress to take away authority Presidents use to stand up to other countries and defend AMERICANS. Stand with your Commander in Chiefs!
With Votes in the House tomorrow, Democrats want to make it harder for Presidents to defend America, and stand up to, as an example, Iran. Protect our GREAT COUNTRY!
For the first time in American History, we have replaced a disastrous Trade Deal that REWARDED outsourcing with a truly FAIR and RECIPROCAL Trade Deal that will keep jobs, wealth and growth right here in AMERICA!
Thanks to our pro-worker, pro-American economic policies, unemployment is at the lowest level in more than 50 years. We have created over 7 MILLION new JOBS. More Americans are working today than EVER before. We have the hottest ECONOMY on earth!
They will never be satisfied!
“The best evidence is the Transcript itself.” Brad Blakeman
There is much talk that certain Democrats are going to be voting with Republicans on the Impeachment Hoax, so that the Senate can get back to the business of taking care of the American people. Sorry, but Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer will never let that happen!
On the Iraq War Resolution being voted on tomorrow in the House of Represenatives, we are down to 5000 soldiers, and going down, and I want everyone, Republican and Democrat, to vote their HEART!
Mark Penn, Harris Poll: “It’s time to end the Impeachment Trial.” Just another political Hoax by the Dems!
Remember Republicans, the Democrats already had 17 witnesses, we were given NONE! Witnesses are up to the House, not up to the Senate. Don’t let the Dems play you!
... many more mistakes of judgement, gets fired because frankly, if I listened to him, we would be in World War Six by now, and goes out and IMMEDIATELY writes a nasty & untrue book. All Classified National Security. Who would do this?
For a guy who couldn’t get approved for the Ambassador to the U. N. years ago, couldn’t get approved for anything since, “begged ” me for a non Senate approved job, which I gave him despite many saying “ Don’t do it, sir, ” takes the job, mistakenly says “ Libyan Model” on T. V., and..
Democrats admitting the Impeachment Hoax!
Thank you!
175,000 ticket requests. Keep America Great!
Why didn’t John Bolton complain about this “nonsense” a long time ago, when he was very publicly terminated. He said, not that it matters, NOTHING!
No matter how many witnesses you give the Democrats, no matter how much information is given, like the quickly produced Transcripts, it will NEVER be enough for them. They will always scream UNFAIR. The Impeachment Hoax is just another political CON JOB!
If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died to secure — then we must devote everything we have toward victory in 2020. Only this way, can we save the America we love – and drain the Washington Swamp once and for all!
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream! #TrumpRallyNJ #KAG2020
Thank you Wildwood, New Jersey! #KeepAmericaGreat 🇺 🇸
It’s amazing what I’ve done, the most of any President in the first three years ( by far ), considering that for three years I’ve been under phony political investigations and the Impeachment Hoax! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Heading to New Jersey. Big Rally, in fact, Really Big Rally!

The Witch Hunt continues!
This is what a future State of Palestine can look like, with a capital in parts of East Jerusalem.
هذا ما قد تبدو عليه دولة فلسطين المستقبلية بعاصمة في أجزاء من القدس الشرقية.
I will always stand with the State of Israel and the Jewish people. I strongly support their safety and security and their right to live within their historical homeland. It's time for peace!
תמיד אעמוד לצד מדינת ישראל והעם היהודי. אני תומך בחוזקה בבטיחותם ובטחונם ובזכותם לחיות במולדתם ההיסטורית. הגיע הזמן לשלום!

The Fed should get smart & lower the Rate to make our interest competitive with other Countries which pay much lower even though we are, by far, the high standard. We would then focus on paying off & refinancing debt! There is almost no inflation-this is the time ( 2 years late )!
Are you better off now than you were three years ago? Almost everyone say YES!
... So, what the hell has happened to. Only I know! Chris Wallace and others should be on Fake News CNN or MSDNC. How’s Shep Smith doing? Watch, this will be the beginning of the end for Fox, just like the other two which are dying in the ratings. Social Media is great!
Really pathetic how is trying to be so politically correct by loading the airwaves with Democrats like Chris Van Hollen, the no name Senator from Maryland. He has been on forever playing up the Impeachment Hoax. Dems wouldn’t even give Fox their low ratings debates...
Don Lemon, the dumbest man on television ( with terrible ratings! ).
Charlie, I always knew you are brilliant!
Thank you to Chuck & all. USMCA is going to be GREAT!
Thank you Roger, it is a big Hoax!
Congrats to Christine!
A full & complete Endorsement for, who is doing a great job. Strong on crime, loves our Military, Vets & 2A!

On International Holocaust Remembrance Day, we remember the millions of precious souls who perished as a result of the horrific crimes perpetrated by the Nazi regime...
Senate hearing on the Impeachment Hoax starts today at 1:00 P. M.
We are in very close communication with China concerning the virus. Very few cases reported in USA, but strongly on watch. We have offered China and President Xi any help that is necessary. Our experts are extraordinary!
Schiff must release the IG report, without changes or tampering, which is said to be yet further exoneration of the Impeachment Hoax. He refuses to give it. Does it link him to Whistleblower? Why is he so adamant?
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
The Democrat controlled House never even asked John Bolton to testify. It is up to them, not up to the Senate!
I NEVER told John Bolton that the aid to Ukraine was tied to investigations into Democrats, including the Bidens. In fact, he never complained about this at the time of his very public termination. If John Bolton said this, it was only to sell a book. With that being said, the...
... transcripts of my calls with President Zelensky are all the proof that is needed, in addition to the fact that President Zelensky & the Foreign Minister of Ukraine said there was no pressure and no problems. Additionally, I met with President Zelensky at the United Nations...
... ( Democrats said I never met ) and released the military aid to Ukraine without any conditions or investigations - and far ahead of schedule. I also allowed Ukraine to purchase Javelin anti-tank missiles. My Administration has done far more than the previous Administration.

Kobe Bryant, despite being one of the truly great basketball players of all time, was just getting started in life. He loved his family so much, and had such strong passion for the future. The loss of his beautiful daughter, Gianna, makes this moment even more devastating...
... Melania and I send our warmest condolences to Vanessa and the wonderful Bryant family. May God be with you all!
Reports are that basketball great Kobe Bryant and three others have been killed in a helicopter crash in California. That is terrible news!
Nothing done wrong, READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
Majority of people say “the U. S. Senate already has enough information!”
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! 191 Federal Judges ( a record ), and two Supreme Court Justices, approved. Best Economy & Employment Numbers EVER. Thank you to our great New, Smart and Nimble REPUBLICAN PARTY. Join now, it’s where people want to be!
Sleepyeyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Corrupt Press, just had a “totally” softball interview with conman Adam Schiff, never even calling Shifty out on his fraudulent statement to Congress, where he made up ALL of the words of my conversation with the Ukrainian President! FAKE NEWS
After having been exposed as a fraud and corrupt, can anyone, including Sleepyeyes Chuck Todd of Fake, continue to listen to his con?
“Again: Read the Transcript!” Michael Goodwin, New York Post, Sunday.
Great Editorial in today’s Wall Street Journal, “And Congress Shall Be King. ” Bottom line: “ The President becomes a vassal of King Congress. This is another reason for the Senate to repudiate this House Impeachment as its own abuse of power.” A partisan Hoax!
Why didn’t Schiff release this?
A very good question!
“This is what Democrats have done. They want to create the idea that there is all this smoke so people think there’s fire. They did this with Russia Collusion, & there was no fire. It makes zero sense what the Democrats are accusing him of.”
“It was amazing to watch three days of arguments dismantled in two hours.”
Paul Krugman is a lightweight thinker who doesn’t have a clue. Caused huge economic damage to his follower’s pocketbooks. He, and others, should be fired by!
Rep. Jim Jordan Delivers Knockout Blow to Schiff’s Reputation
Shifty Adam Schiff is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN, and probably a very sick man. He has not paid the price, yet, for what he has done to our Country!
The Impeachment Hoax is a massive election interference the likes of which has never been seen before. In just two hours the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have seen their phony case absolutely shredded. Shifty is now exposed for illegally making up my phone call, & more!
True!

All Democrats should watch this!
وزیر امور خارجه ایران می گوید ایران خواستار مذاکره با ایالات متحده است اما می خواهد که تحریم ها برداشته شود. نه ، مرسی!
Iranian Foreign Minister says Iran wants to negotiate with The United States, but wants sanctions removed. No Thanks!
Previous quote from the great Republican Senator, Jim Inhofe, of Oklahoma - Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee
... at the judges that we have right now.
“ You don’t come to court and ask for witnesses after you’ve already presented your case, unless you know your case is not working. I think their real motivation is for them to keep this President busy. We’re doing a great job on the economy, we’re building our military, look...
Martha is a great leader on this issue!
Three great men!
Such a great family!
Thank you Nick!
Any fair minded person watching the Senate trial today would be able to see how unfairly I have been treated and that this is indeed the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax that EVERYBODY, including the Democrats, truly knows it is. This should never be allowed to happen again!
Our case against lyin ’, cheatin ’, liddle ’ Adam “Shifty ” Schiff, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, Nervous Nancy Pelosi, their leader, dumb as a rock AOC, & the entire Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrat Party, starts today at 10:00 A. M. on, or Fake News or Fake News MSDNC!
“ I like President Trump’s Tweets ( Social Media ), I like everything about him... and this Ukraine stuff, the trial, the impeachment, this isn’t t about Ukraine. Donald Trump has committed the two unpardonable sins in the eyes of the Democrats. He beat Hillary Clinton in 2016, and..
... secondly, he is fulfilling every promise he made, and that is making his opponents apoplectic. They’re trying to get him out of office, and they’re not going to succeed. ” Pastor Robert Jeffress, author of “Choosing the Extraordinary Life” Thank you Pastor!
The Great: “ People know, after 3 years of this President, the most historic President in our Country’s history, that there is no one who can touch what he’s done in 3 years, foreign policy, domestic policy, you name it, it’s amazing. Just to have the guts not to be...
... intimidated by this national left wing media, that reduces most politicians and most public figures to whining, crying, puddles of cowardice - it is really something to have a man in the White House who has a courageous heart and does what he says he will do. ”
Check out now on. Big tonight!
A really big show tonight by 9:00 P. M. Heavy emphasis on the Impeachment Hoax. The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have gone crazy. They know it’s a con, but just can’t sell it! Public strongly against Impeachment.
It was my honor to welcome our nation’s Mayors to the as we continue to strengthen the bonds of cooperation between federal and local governments so that we can deliver great jobs, excellent schools, affordable healthcare, and safe communities for all of our people!

After consultation with our Great Military Leaders, designers, and others, I am pleased to present the new logo for the United States Space Force, the Sixth Branch of our Magnificent Military!
China has been working very hard to contain the Coronavirus. The United States greatly appreciates their efforts and transparency. It will all work out well. In particular, on behalf of the American People, I want to thank President Xi!
#MarchForLife
The Do Nothing Democrats just keep repeating and repeating, over and over again, the same old “stuff” on the Impeachment Hoax. They want to use up ALL of their time, even though it is the wrong thing to do. They ought to go back to work for our great American people!
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
More than anything else, the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, like AOC, Omar, Cryin ’ Chuck, Nervous Nancy & Shifty Schiff, are angry & “deranged” over the fact that Republicans are up to 191 Federal Judges & Two Great New Supreme Court Justices. Don’t blame me, blame Obama!
Jim is great!
Cryin ’ Chuck never had what it takes, and never will!
The Impeachment Hoax is interfering with the 2020 Election - But that was the idea behind the Radical Left, Do Nothing Dems Scam attack. They always knew I did nothing wrong!
“I often get asked the question, well, isn’t the President going to be stronger and harder to beat if he survives this? The answer is yes, but, the Congress has no choice, it has a Constitutional responsibility.” Joe Biden, pres. candidate. Even Joe agrees with us!
After having been treated unbelievably unfairly in the House, and then having to endure hour after hour of lies, fraud & deception by Shifty Schiff, Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer & their crew, looks like my lawyers will be forced to start on Saturday, which is called Death Valley in T. V.
... a foreign power, engaged in clandestine intelligence activities, and yet they still asked for the renewal, two more times, and it gave the right for the government to rifle through the Trump campaigns files, & Emails, Text messages... ” So how bad & illegal is that?
Frances Hakes, former Federal prosecutor, “ This is really significant. The FBI had debunked the Steele Dossier in January of 2017, and then even after they did that, even after they knew from the CIA & from their own sources, they knew that Carter Page was not the agent of
“He’s got to explain this. How did Hunter Biden get a billion and a half dollars ( from China ) to invest when he ’ d been in business for 60 days?”
“21 State Attorney Generals denouncing the Impeachment of President Trump.”
Jeanne Mancini, President, March for Life: “We have never had a President of the United States actually come in person to the March for Life.” But now you do! See you later Jeanne.
Carlos will win big, very exciting. Great for Florida, great for USA! He has my complete and total Endorsement!

True!
That is a real fan. Thank you!
On my way, see you soon!
Crazy Bernie takes the lead in the Democrat Primaries, but it is looking more and more like the Dems will never allow him to win! Will Sleepy Joe be able to stumble across the finish line?
Democrats are going to destroy your Social Security. I have totally left it alone, as promised, and will save it!
A poll of Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats just came out in Florida. Nice results!
I LOVE ALABAMA!
Interesting poll in Texas - 13! #TX13
Close race in Kansas!
“President Trump shows us that electability is no match for electricity” by
“The Democrats have now conceded that President Trump has not committed a crime.”
The United States looks forward to welcoming Prime Minister & Blue & White Chairman to the next week. Reports about details and timing of our closely-held peace plan are purely speculative.
The Democrats don’t want a Witness Trade because Shifty Schiff, the Biden’s, the fake Whistleblower ( & his lawyer ), the second Whistleblower ( who vanished after I released the Transcripts ), the so-called “informer”, & many other Democrat disasters, would be a BIG problem for them!
“This is all about undermining the next Election.” Liz Peek ,
Mini Mike Bloomberg is playing poker with his foolhardy and unsuspecting Democrat rivals. He says that if he loses ( he really means when! ) in the primaries, he will spend money helping whoever the Democrat nominee is. By doing this, he figures, they won’t hit him as hard...
... during his hopeless “presidential ” campaign. They will remain silent! The fact is, when Mini losses, he will be spending very little of his money on these “ clowns” because he will consider himself to be the biggest clown of them all - and he will be right!
The Democrats & Shifty Schiff, whose presentation to the Senate was loaded with lies and misrepresentations, are refusing to state that the Obama Administration withheld aid from many countries including Ukraine, Pakistan, Philippines, Egypt, Honduras, & Mexico. Witch Hunt!
No matter what you give to the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, it will never be enough!
The Democrat House would not give us lawyers, or not one witness, but now demand that the Republican Senate produce the witnesses that the House never sought, or even asked for? They had their chance, but pretended to rush. Most unfair & corrupt hearing in Congressional history!
In an Impeachment, you can’t use a work of fiction as the theory for the case, filling in gaps with presumptions against the President. It was a weak presentation, self indulgent, & he didn’t deliver the goods. ” Robert Charles ,
... OF THE 2020 ELECTION BECSUSE IT WEAPONIZES A PROCESS THAT SHOULD ONLY BE INITIATED IN EXCEEDINGLY RARE CIRCUMSTANCES, AND SHOULD NEVER BE USED FOR PARTISAN PURPOSES. ” The Democrats are trying hard to damage Republicans prior to the Election!
Attorney Generals from 21 States are urging the Senate to reject Impeachment. They say the Articles have legal & factual problems, and the Democrats case sets a dangerous historical precedent. “ EVEN AN UNSUCCESSFUL EFFORT TO IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT UNDERMINES THE INTEGRITY...
“There is no evidence of a crime.” Robert Charles, Fmr Asst Secy of State. The crimes were committed by the other side!
“Schiff doesn’t have a case telling the truth, so he’s manufacturing things.” Rush Limbaugh
Sorry, if you come you will be immediately sent back!
See you on Friday... Big Crowd!
True!
“NO PRESSURE”
Will be Great!
Great working with you Maria!
One of the many great things about our just signed giant Trade Deal with China is that it will bring both the USA & China closer together in so many other ways. Terrific working with President Xi, a man who truly loves his country. Much more to come!
Heading back to Washington from, Switzerland. Very successful ( for USA ) trip!
“Not the Senate’s job to mop up the mess made in the House by the Democrats. Biden admitted that he went to Ukraine and did the Quid Pro Quo.”
THANK YOU!
They are taking the nomination away from Bernie for a second time. Rigged!
Steyer is a major loser. Just doesn’t get it. This is second time with Bernie!
Big story. Hope Fake News covers it!
Their case was so “overwhelming” in the House that they need & demand Witnesses in the Senate!
ENJOY!
Will be interviewed at 5:00 A. M. Eastern by on at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Enjoy!
Making great progress in. Tremendous numbers of companies will be coming, or returning, to the USA. Hottest Economy! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Wow!
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
Congratulations on your big WIN!
THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
“It’s about the Economy, stupid”, except when it comes to Trump. The fact is, the Fake News Media hates talking about the Economy, and how incredible it is!
Everyone said it couldn’t be done. But for the first time in a generation, there will be direct flights between Serbia and Kosovo. Another win. Thanks to Ambassador Robert O’ Brien and Ambassador!
Representative Randy Weber ( ) of Texas has been a HUGE supporter of our #MAGA Agenda from the very beginning. Strong on Crime, the Border, Illegal Immigration, the 2nd Amendment, and our great Military & Vets! Randy has my Full Endorsement!
Representative John Carter ( ) from the Great State of Texas has been a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. He is strong on Crime and Borders, great for our Military and our Vets, and Strong on our #2A. John has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Texas Rep Roger Williams ( ) has done an incredible job representing the Great State of Texas. Roger is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border & Illegal Immigration. He loves our Military & our Vets and protects our #2A. Roger has my Total & Complete Endorsement!
Heading to Davos, Switzerland, to meet with World and Business Leaders and bring Good Policy and additional Hundreds of Billions of Dollars back to the United States of America! We are now NUMBER ONE in the Universe, by FAR!!
Excellent!

Nancy can’t fix it. The Do Nothing Dems have done great harm to our Country!
I will NEVER allow our great Second Amendment to go unprotected, not even a little bit!
It was exactly three years ago today, January 20, 2017, that I was sworn into office. So appropriate that today is also MLK jr DAY. African-American Unemployment is the LOWEST in the history of our Country, by far. Also, best Poverty, Youth, and Employment numbers, ever. Great!
... And they say you can add 7 % to 10 % to all Trump numbers! Who knows?
Two stone cold losers from Amazon WP. Almost every story is a made up lie, just like corrupt pol Shifty Schiff, who fraudulently made up my call with Ukraine. Fiction!
USA! USA! USA!
Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer is now asking for “fairness”, when he and the Democrat House members worked together to make sure I got ZERO fairness in the House. So, what else is new?
They didn’t want John Bolton and others in the House. They were in too much of a rush. Now they want them all in the Senate. Not supposed to be that way!
The Democrat Party in the Great Commonwealth of Virginia are working hard to take away your 2nd Amendment rights. This is just the beginning. Don’t let it happen, VOTE REPUBLICAN in 2020!
A great show! Check it out tonight at 9pm.
“In the House, the President got less due process than the 9-11 terrorists got. This is a corrupt process? ” Mark Levin “ Very much so!”
I was thrilled to be back in the Great State of Texas tonight, where the people are known for being tough, strong, hardworking, loyal and fiercely patriotic — just like America’s incredible Farmers! #AFBF2020
Now Mini Mike Bloomberg is critical of Jack Wilson, who saved perhaps hundreds of people in a Church because he was carrying a gun, and knew how to use it. Jack quickly killed the shooter, who was beginning a rampage. Mini is against the 2nd A. His ads are Fake, just like him!
I have never seen the Republican Party as Strong and as Unified as it is right now. Thank you!
I will be going to Austin, Texas. Leaving soon. Always like ( love! ) being in the Lone Star State. Speaking to our great Farmers. They hit “paydirt” with our incredible new Trade Deals: CHINA, JAPAN, MEXICO, CANADA, SOUTH KOREA, and many others!

“Nancy Pelosi said, it’s not a question of proof, it’s a question of allegations! Oh really?” What a disgrace this Impeachment Scam is for our great Country!
If you listened to the flawed advice of at the, a newspaper that was going broke until I came along, you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market ( and other ) numbers produced since Election Day, 2016. Sorry, those are the FACTS...
... BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
If you listened to the flawed advice of at the, a newspaper that was going broke until I came along, you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market ( and other ) numbers produced since Election Day, 2016. Sorry, those are the FACTS...
... BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
... BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
If you listened to the flawed advice of at the, a newspaper that was going broke until I came along, you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market ( and other ) numbers produced since Election Day, 2016. Sorry, those are the FACTS...
A massive 200 Billion Dollar Sea Wall, built around New York to protect it from rare storms, is a costly, foolish & environmentally unfriendly idea that, when needed, probably won’t work anyway. It will also look terrible. Sorry, you’ll just have to get your mops & buckets ready!
Another Fake Book by two third rate Washington Post reporters, has already proven to be inaccurately reported, to their great embarrassment, all for the purpose of demeaning and belittling a President who is getting great things done for our Country, at a record clip. Thank you!
They are taking the Democrat Nomination away from Crazy Bernie, just like last time. Some things never change!
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party, A Record. Thank You!
“Trade Deals Drive Stocks To Record Highs.”
“Day after day, really good news on the economy. By the way, this didn’t just happen by accident, it’s the result of a lot of the policies that Donald Trump has put into place. Obviously, the Tax Cut, and now we have these two BIG trade deals.” Great future growth!
Tremendous surge in new housing construction in December, 16.9 %, biggest in many years!
A great day at the White House for our National Champions, the LSU Tigers!
CONGRATULATIONS! #GeauxTigers
مردم نجیب ایران ، که آمریکا را دوست می دارند ، سزاوار دولتی هستند که بیش از تمرکز بر کشتن آنها به جرم احترام خواهی ، به آنها کمک کند تا به رؤیاهایشان دست یابند. رهبران ایران به جای آن که ایران را به سمت ویرانی بکشانند ، باید هراس افکنی را کنار بنهند و ایران را دوباره باعظمت کنند!
The noble people of Iran — who love America — deserve a government that's more interested in helping them achieve their dreams than killing them for demanding respect. Instead of leading Iran toward ruin, its leaders should abandon terror and Make Iran Great Again!
Your 2nd Amendment is under very serious attack in the Great Commonwealth of Virginia. That’s what happens when you vote for Democrats, they will take your guns away. Republicans will win Virginia in 2020. Thank you Dems!
The so-called “Supreme Leader” of Iran, who has not been so Supreme lately, had some nasty things to say about the United States and Europe. Their economy is crashing, and their people are suffering. He should be very careful with his words!
Words of wisdom. Thank you Ted!
Heading to Florida for big Republican Party event. New Stock Market Record. Jobs in USA at all-time high!
... Joe Biden, and Bernie is shut out again. Very unfair, but that’s the way the Democrats play the game. Anyway, it’s a lot of fun to watch!
They are rigging the election again against Bernie Sanders, just like last time, only even more obviously. They are bringing him out of so important Iowa in order that, as a Senator, he sit through the Impeachment Hoax Trial. Crazy Nancy thereby gives the strong edge to Sleepy...
Getting ready to meet the LSU Tigers, the National Champions. Great Coach, great Team, great School. Very exciting!
Mini Mike Bloomberg ads are purposely wrong - A vanity project for him to get into the game. Nobody in many years has done for the USA what I have done for the USA, including the greatest economy in history, rebuilding our military, biggest ever tax & regulation cuts, & 2nd A!
Mini Mike Bloomberg doesn’t get on the Democrat Debate Stage because he doesn’t want to - he is a terrible debater and speaker. If he did, he would go down in the polls even more ( if that is possible! ).
“There is no crime here. Entertaining this Impeachment is a joke. This whole thing should be dismissed.”
“Years from now, when we look back at this day, nobody’s going to remember Nancy’s cheap theatrics, they will remember though how President Trump brought the Chinese to the bargaining table and delivered achievements few ever thought were possible.”
... for the foreign policies of the President. ” Alan Dershowitz They do what the House asks. The Swamp!
“ The GOA got it exactly backwards. Here’s what they said. The law does not permit the President to substitute his own policy priorities to those Congress has enacted into law. It’s exactly the opposite. The Constitution does not allow Congress to substitute its own priorities...
PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! #KeepAmericaGreat2020 🇺 🇸
See you tomorrow! #CHAMPS
THANK YOU! #MAGA
I JUST GOT IMPEACHED FOR MAKING A PERFECT PHONE CALL!
Amazon Calls ' Profiles in Corruption ' the ' Most Anticipated ' Nonfiction Book via
This is a total disgrace, but just another reason that I ’ m going to win Michigan again!
Looking at this strongly!
The farmers are really happy with the new China Trade Deal and the soon to be signed deal with Mexico and Canada, but I hope the thing they will most remember is the fact that I was able to take massive incoming Tariff money and use it to help them get through the tough times!
“There is no crime here. I just think this whole thing should be rejected out of hand. I wouldn’t waste a minute of taxpayer dollars or time on this. Entertaining this Impeachment is a joke.” Laura Ingraham
Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer is saying privately that the new China Trade Deal is unbelievable, which it is, but publicly he knocks it whenever possible. That’s politics, but so bad for our great Country!
One of the greatest trade deals ever made! Also good for China and our long term relationship. 250 Billion Dollars will be coming back to our Country, and we are now in a great position for a Phase Two start. There has never been anything like this in U. S. history! USMCA NEXT!

Here we go again, another Con Job by the Do Nothing Democrats. All of this work was supposed to be done by the House, not the Senate!
I agree with him on this, 100 %. But why would anyone vote Democrat? We are setting all time records with the economy!
Now up to 187 Federal Judges, and two great new Supreme Court Justices. We are in major record territory. Hope EVERYONE is happy!
Steyer is running low on cash. Nobody knows him. Made his money on coal. So funny!
Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, , stated, “We should replace the Iran deal with the Trump deal.” I agree!
Former National Security Adviser for President Obama said “President Trump was absolutely correct” in taking out terroristist leader Soleimani. Thank you General Jones!
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, & from every race, religion, color & creed. We are a movement for ALL AMERICANS who believe in fairness & justice, equality & dignity, opportunity & safety. We are a big tent, & a big party, w / BIG IDEAS for the future!
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream! #TrumpMilwaukeeRally
GOD BLESS THE U. S. A.!
Thank you Milwaukee, Wisconsin! #KAG2020 #MAGA
Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer just said, “The American people want a fair trial in the Senate. ” True, but why didn’t Nervous Nancy and Corrupt politician Adam “ Shifty” Schiff give us a fair trial in the House. It was the most lopsided & unfair basement hearing in the history of Congress!
We are helping Apple all of the time on TRADE and so many other issues, and yet they refuse to unlock phones used by killers, drug dealers and other violent criminal elements. They will have to step up to the plate and help our great Country, NOW! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
On my way to Milwaukee, Wisconsin for a #TrumpRally. Look forward to see you all soon!
Thank you!
Thank you to Rick Scott. This Impeachment Hoax is an outrage!
I stand stronger than anyone in protecting your Healthcare with Pre-Existing Conditions. I am honored to have terminated the very unfair, costly and unpopular individual mandate for you!
“We demand fairness” shouts Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats, yet the Dems in the House wouldn’t let us have 1 witness, no lawyers or even ask questions. It was the most unfair witch-hunt in the history of Congress!
Really Big Breaking News ( Kidding ): Booker, who was in zero polling territory, just dropped out of the Democrat Presidential Primary Race. Now I can rest easy tonight. I was sooo concerned that I would someday have to go head to head with him!
The Fake News Media and their Democrat Partners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was “imminent” or not, & was my team in agreement. The answer to both is a strong YES., but it doesn’t really matter because of his horrible past!
Wow! The wonderful Iranian protesters refused to step on, or in any way denigrate, our Great American Flag. It was put on the street in order for them to trample it, and they walked around it instead. Big progress!
The Democrats and the Fake News are trying to make terrorist Soleimani into a wonderful guy, only because I did what should have been done for 20 years. Anything I do, whether it’s the economy, military, or anything else, will be scorned by the Rafical Left, Do Nothing Democrats!
The Fake News Media and their Democrat Partners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was “eminent” or not, & was my team in agreement. The answer to both is a strong YES., but it doesn’t really matter because of his horrible past!
Bernie Sander’s volunteers are trashing Elizabeth “Pocahontus” Warren. Everybody knows her campaign is dead and want her potential voters. Mini Mike B is also trying, but getting tiny crowds which are all leaving fast. Elizabeth is very angry at Bernie. Do I see a feud brewing?
... and, if Republicans win in court and take back the House of Represenatives, your healthcare, that I have now brought to the best place in many years, will become the best ever, by far. I will always protect your Pre-Existing Conditions, the Dems will not!
Mini Mike Bloomberg is spending a lot of money on False Advertising. I was the person who saved Pre-Existing Conditions in your Healthcare, you have it now, while at the same time winning the fight to rid you of the expensive, unfair and very unpopular Individual Mandate...
مشاور امنیت ملی امروز عنوان کرد كه تحریم ها و اعتراضات ، ایران را « به شدت تحت فشار » قرار داده است و آنها را مجبور به مذاكره می كند. در واقع ، اصلا برایم اهمیتی نداردکه آیا آنها مذاکره می کنند یا نه. این کاملاً به عهده ی خودشان است ، اما سلاح هسته ای نداشته باشیدو « معترضان خود را نکشید. »
National Security Adviser suggested today that sanctions & protests have Iran “choked off ”, will force them to negotiate. Actually, I couldn’t care less if they negotiate. Will be totally up to them but, no nuclear weapons and “ don’t kill your protesters.”
Many believe that by the Senate giving credence to a trial based on the no evidence, no crime, read the transcripts, “no pressure” Impeachment Hoax, rather than an outright dismissal, it gives the partisan Democrat Witch Hunt credibility that it otherwise does not have. I agree!



Wow! Crazy Bernie Sanders is surging in the polls, looking very good against his opponents in the Do Nothing Party. So what does this all mean? Stay tuned!
You can’t make this up! David Kris, a highly controversial former DOJ official, was just appointed by the FISA Court to oversee reforms to the FBI’s surveillance procedures. Zero credibility. THE SWAMP!
... the Ukraine Hoax that became the Impeachment Scam. Must get the ICIG answers by Friday because this is the guy who lit the fuse. So if he wants to clear his name, prove that his office is indeed incompetent. ” The ICIG never wanted proof!
House Republicans investigating origins of the Ukraine Whistleblower complaint. ICIG Michael Atkinson facing serious questions. “ The Democrats know the ICIG is a major problem-didn’t release his testimony. Looks so much like everything else we’ve seen, from the Russia Hoax, to...
خطاب به رهبران ايران: معترضان خود را نكشيد. هزاران تن تاكنون به دست شما كشته يا زنداني شده اند ، و جهان نظاره گر است. مهمتر از ان ، ايالات متحده نظاره گر است. اينترنت را دوباره وصل كنيد و به خبرنگاران اجازه دهيد ازادانه حركت كنند! كشتار مردم بزرگ ايران را متوقف كنيد!
Why should I have the stigma of Impeachment attached to my name when I did NOTHING wrong? Read the Transcripts! A totally partisan Hoax, never happened before. House Republicans voted 195-0, with three Dems voting with the Republicans. Very unfair to tens of millions of voters!
Why should I have the stigma of Impeachment attached to my name when I did nothing wrong. Read the Transcripts! Hose Republicans voted 195-0, plus we got three Dems. Very unfair to tens of millions of voters!
Why did Nervous Nancy allow corrupt politician Shifty Schiff to lie before Congress? He must be a Witness, and so should she!
Great idea. This phony Impeachment Hoax should not even be allowed to proceed. Did NOTHING wrong. Just a partisan vote. Zero Republicans. Never happened before!
“Pelosi has made a mockery of Impeachment. Her Articles are so weak. But more importantly, she thought she could extort the Senate. She couldn’t.” The Do Nothing Democrats are really run by the Radical Left. Too bad!
... and then helped to fund them... And zero progress was made on curbing those activities, until Trump droned Soleimani... Plainly, Trump is not a warmonger. He’s a deal maker & his record is that of someone who uses our military might as a deterrent, unleashes it with...
... discretion, and only as a last resort. ” Thank you to the great Michael Goodwin. Could not have said it better myself!
Michael Goodwin, New York Post: “ Trump’s peace through strength philosophy is what America needs. His ( John Kerry ) claim bears no relation to reality. The Agreement didn’t create opportunities for America & other signatories to confront Iran’s malign activities. It overlooked...
John Kerry got caught essentially admitting that funds given ridiculously to Iran were used to fund attacks on the USA. Only a complete fool would have given that 150 Billion Dollars Plus to Iran. They then went on a Middle East Rampage!
George, ask Crazy Nancy why she allowed Adam “Shifty” Schiff to totally make up my conversation with the Ukrainian President & read his false words to Congress and the world, as though I said it? He got caught! Ask why hearing was most unfair & biased in history?
To the leaders of Iran - DO NOT KILL YOUR PROTESTERS. Thousands have already been killed or imprisoned by you, and the World is watching. More importantly, the USA is watching. Turn your internet back on and let reporters roam free! Stop the killing of your great Iranian people!
Congratulations to on another big win. She is a great player and an even greater person. Our members in Virginia ( Tennis ) will never forget you!
Congratulations to the Great State of Tennessee. You’ve got yourselves a fantastic football team. Big WIN last night!
Thank you Rudy!
I hope the House and Senate Democrats, in particular watch this. It is a classic. Thank you to Pirro!

دولت ایران باید به گروه‌های حقوق بشر اجازه بدهد حقیقت کنونی اعتراضات در جریان مردم ایران را نظارت کرده و گزارش بدهند. نباید شاهد کشتار دوباره ی معترضان مسالمت آمیز و یا قطع اینترنت باشیم. جهان نظاره گر این اتفاقات است.
The government of Iran must allow human rights groups to monitor and report facts from the ground on the ongoing protests by the Iranian people. There can not be another massacre of peaceful protesters, nor an internet shutdown. The world is watching.
به مردم شجاع و رنج کشیده ایران: من از ابتدای دوره ریاست جمهوریم با شما ایستاده‌ام و دولت من همچنان با شما خواهد ایستاد. ما اعتراضات شما را از نزدیک دنبال می کنیم. شجاعت شما الهام بخش است.
To the brave, long-suffering people of Iran: I've stood with you since the beginning of my Presidency, and my Administration will continue to stand with you. We are following your protests closely, and are inspired by your courage.
The powerful Trump Wall is replacing porous, useless and ineffective barriers in the high traffic areas requested by Border Patrol. Illegal crossing are dropping as more and more Wall is being completed! #BuildingTheWall
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. 53 % Approval Rating overall ( can we add 7 to 10 percent because of the Trump “thing?” ). Thank you!
Now the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, are asking Mitch McConnell to do the job that they were unable to do. They proved NOTHING but my total innocence in the House, despite the most unfair & biased hearings in the history of Congress. Now they demand fairness!
Nancy Pelosi will go down as the absolute worst Speaker of the House in U. S. history!
New polling shows that the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax is going nowhere. A vast majority want the Do Nothing Democrats to move on to other things now!
Where have the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats gone when they have spent the last 3 days defending the life of Qassem Soleimani, one of the worst terrorists in history and the father of the roadside bomb? He was also looking to do big future damage! Dems are “unhinged.”
“FBI Director apologizes for FISA Errors ( of which there were far to many to be a coincidence! ). ” Chris, what about all of the lives that were ruined because of the so-called “ errors? ” Are these “ dirty cops” going to pay a big price for the fraud they committed?
Will be interviewed tonight by Laura at 10pmE on. Enjoy!
She will go down as perhaps the least successful Speaker in U. S. History!
I love constantly proving them wrong. It’s easy!
“I’ve been doing this for 40 years and I’ve never seen anything like this ( Economy ).”
“11,000 points gained in the Dow in the 3 years since the Election of President Trump. Today it may hit 29,000. That has NEVER happened before in that time frame. That has added 12.8 Trillion Dollars to the VALUE of American Business.” The best is yet to come!
We will get this done for our great Miners!
Thank you Mike!
I agree. Jovita will do a great job!
Great interview this morning by with some of the fantastic people who attended the big Rally last night in Toledo, Ohio. Thank you. Such amazing energy!
Wow! Thank you Greg. Hope I live up to your expectations.
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream! #KAG2020
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations, we are finally rebuilding OUR nation. We are finally putting AMERICA FIRST! #KAG2020
Under my administration, we will NEVER make excuses for America’s enemies – we will never hesitate in defending American lives – and we will never stop working to defeat Radical Islamic Terrorism!
THANK YOU TOLEDO, OHIO!
Heading to Toledo, Ohio, for first Rally of the year. Tremendous crowd. Here we go for a big 2020 Win!
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Smart analysis, I fully agree!
Thank you!
Happy National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! #LESM
STOCK MARKET AT ALL-TIME HIGH! HOW ARE YOUR 401K’S DOING? 70 %, 80 %, 90 % up? Only 50 % up! What are you doing wrong?
U. S. Cancer Death Rate Lowest In Recorded History! A lot of good news coming out of this Administration.
STOCK MARKET AT ALL-TIME HIGH! HOW ARE YOUR 409K’S DOING? 70 %, 80 %, 90 % up? Only 50 % up! What are you doing wrong?
Breaking News: The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals just reversed a lower court decision & gave us the go ahead to build one of the largest sections of the desperately needed Southern Border Wall, Four Billion Dollars. Entire Wall is under construction or getting ready to start!
Hope that all House Republicans will vote against Crazy Nancy Pelosi’s War Powers Resolution. Also, remember her “speed & rush” in getting the Impeachment Hoax voted on & done. Well, she never sent the Articles to the Senate. Just another Democrat fraud. Presidential Harassment!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Thank you Elise!
Pelosi doesn’t want to hand over The Articles of Impeachment, which were fraudulently produced by corrupt politicians like Shifty Schiff in the first place, because after all of these years of investigations and persecution, they show no crimes and are a joke and a scam!
Great!
WINRED!
See you later!
All is well! Missiles launched from Iran at two military bases located in Iraq. Assessment of casualties & damages taking place now. So far, so good! We have the most powerful and well equipped military anywhere in the world, by far! I will be making a statement tomorrow morning.
Had a very good meeting with of Saudi Arabia. We discussed Trade, Military, Oil Prices, Security, and Stability in the Middle East!
Great interview with Kevin McCarthy on. “There was no urgency with the Articles of Impeachment because there was no case.”
We love Australia!
Amazing analysis & reporting!
... If however, the city or state in question is willing to acknowledge responsibility, and politely asks for help from the Federal Government, we will very seriously consider getting involved in order to make those poorly run Democrat Cities Great Again!
The homeless situation in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and many other Democrat Party run cities throughout the Nation is a state and local problem, not a federal problem...
IRAN WILL NEVER HAVE A NUCLEAR WEAPON!
Congress & the President should not be wasting their time and energy on a continuation of the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax when we have so many important matters pending. 196 to ZERO was the Republican House vote, & we got 3 Dems. This was not what the Founders had in mind!
The Impeachment Hoax, just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which started even before I won the Election, must end quickly. Read the Transcripts, see the Ukrainian President’s strong statement, NO PRESSURE - get this done. It is a con game by the Dems to help with the Election!
“The reason they are not sending the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate is that they are so weak and so pathetic.” The great Scam continues. To be spending time on this political Hoax at this moment in our history, when I am so busy, is sad!
These Media Posts will serve as notification to the United States Congress that should Iran strike any U. S. person or target, the United States will quickly & fully strike back, & perhaps in a disproportionate manner. Such legal notice is not required, but is given nevertheless!
The United States just spent Two Trillion Dollars on Military Equipment. We are the biggest and by far the BEST in the World! If Iran attacks an American Base, or any American, we will be sending some of that brand new beautiful equipment their way... and without hesitation!
They attacked us, & we hit back. If they attack again, which I would strongly advise them not to do, we will hit them harder than they have ever been hit before!
... hundreds of Iranian protesters. He was already attacking our Embassy, and preparing for additional hits in other locations. Iran has been nothing but problems for many years. Let this serve as a WARNING that if Iran strikes any Americans, or American assets, we have...
... targeted 52 Iranian sites ( representing the 52 American hostages taken by Iran many years ago ), some at a very high level & important to Iran & the Iranian culture, and those targets, and Iran itself, WILL BE HIT VERY FAST AND VERY HARD. The USA wants no more threats!
Iran is talking very boldly about targeting certain USA assets as revenge for our ridding the world of their terrorist leader who had just killed an American, & badly wounded many others, not to mention all of the people he had killed over his lifetime, including recently...
As hard as I work, & as successful as our Country has become with our Economy, our Military & everything else, it is ashame that the Democrats make us spend so much time & money on this ridiculous Impeachment Lite Hoax. I should be able to devote all of my time to the REAL USA!
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!

... different places that he thought were wasteful, and the career staff, as they always do, pushed back, and made a million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending U. S. taxpayer money. There was a back & forth over the legal arguments, & the W. H. decision was...
... followed, and then it was withdrawn. The Democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. As Senator Josh Hawley just said, he’s going to enter a Motion to Dismiss the Impeachment Trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial. ”
Christopher Bedford, The Federalist Senior Editor. “ There is NOTHING NEW in these Emails at all that’s been discovered. It’s exactly what we knew before, which is that the White House & political figures wanted to cut off aid, Trump wanted to question aid to a number of...
... followed, and then it was withdrawn. The Democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. As Senator Josh Hawley just said, he’s going to enter a Motion to Dismiss the Impeachment Trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial. ”
Christopher Bedford, The Federalist Senior Editor. “ There is NOTHING NEW in these Emails at all that’s been discovered. It’s exactly what we knew before, which is that the White House & political figures wanted to cut off aid, Trump wanted to question aid to a number of...
... different places that he thought were wasteful, and the career staff, as they always do, pushed back, and nade s million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending U.S.taxpayer money. There was a back & forth over the legal arguments, & the W. H. decision was... q
This is a great book, a must read!
... and more control over Iraq, and the people of Iraq are not happy with that. It will never end well!
The United States has paid Iraq Billions of Dollars a year, for many years. That is on top of all else we have done for them. The people of Iraq don’t want to be dominated & controlled by Iran, but ultimately, that is their choice. Over the last 15 years, Iran has gained more...
General Qassem Soleimani has killed or badly wounded thousands of Americans over an extended period of time, and was plotting to kill many more... but got caught! He was directly and indirectly responsible for the death of millions of people, including the recent large number...
... of PROTESTERS killed in Iran itself. While Iran will never be able to properly admit it, Soleimani was both hated and feared within the country. They are not nearly as saddened as the leaders will let the outside world believe. He should have been taken out many years ago!
Iran never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!

... had happened to a Presidential candidate, or President, who was a Democrat, everybody involved would long ago be in jail for treason ( and more ), and it would be considered the CRIME OF THE CENTURY, far bigger and more sinister than Watergate!
A lot of very good people were taken down by a small group of Dirty ( Filthy ) Cops, politicians, government officials, and an investigation that was illegally started & that SPIED on my campaign. The Witch Hunt is sputtering badly, but still going on ( Ukraine Hoax! ). If this...
... it’s alienating independents. This President is being persecuted over three years with one investigation after another, and that really plays to his base. ” Their partisan Witch Hunt is hurting our Country do badly, & only bringing more division than ever!
Sohrab Ahmari, New York Post “ The Trump Campaign raised $ 10 million in the two days following the impeachment ( Scam ) vote. It seems the Democrats have shot themselves in the foot in one more way. They set up a process they know is not going to lead to the Presidents removal, &...
They don’t know how to do that!
Great job!
Can’t believe keeps the management after yet another ratings dive. Nobody watching, NO CREDIBILITY! Maybe they should make changes at AT & T?
Too bad, Corey would have won! He ( and I ) loves New Hampshire.
Best equipment & finest military in the World. On site quickly!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Our fantastic First Lady!
Thank you Steve. The greatest Witch Hunt in U. S. history!
Thank you to the Washington Examiner. The list is growing every day!
One of my greatest honors was to have gotten CHOICE approved for our great Veterans. Others have tried for decades, and failed!
How is the Paris Accord doing? Don’t ask!
Wonderful account of U. S. Embassy ( Iraq ) vs. the Benghazi disaster!
Get this straightened out, Governor
How is the Paris Accord doing? Don’t ask!
Wonderful account of U. S. Embassy ( Iraq ) vs. the Bengahzi disaster!
I am far better on HealthCare than the Democrats!
The Fake News said I played golf today, and I did NOT! I had meeting in various locations, while closely monitoring the U. S. Embassy situation in Iraq, which I am still doing. The Corrupt Lamestream Media knew this but, not surprisingly, failed to report or correct!
The Anti-Benghazi!
Just for a little change of pace!
The Anti-Bengahzi!
... Iran will be held fully responsible for lives lost, or damage incurred, at any of our facilities. They will pay a very BIG PRICE! This is not a Warning, it is a Threat. Happy New Year!
The U. S. Embassy in Iraq is, & has been for hours, SAFE! Many of our great Warfighters, together with the most lethal military equipment in the world, was immediately rushed to the site. Thank you to the President & Prime Minister of Iraq for their rapid response upon request...
“This guy ( Peter Strzok ) was organizing a coup to undo the 2016 election.” Rachel Campos-Duffy And he wasn’t the only one in that Administration. The greatest Witch Hunt in American history!
... on 51 votes, which is procedural. You don’t need two thirds. ” Brad Blakeman A great lawyer & person. Thank you Brad!
“ It’s my opinion as a lawyer that the Articles of Impeachment are defective on their face, which means I would like to see a Motion to Dismiss and have this disbursed without the necessity of a trial. I don’t think there should be a trial. I think it should be dismissed...
Remember when Pelosi was screaming that President Trump is a danger to our nation and we must move quickly. They didn’t get one Republican House vote, and lost 3 Dems. They produced no case so now she doesn’t want to go to the Senate. She’s all lies. Most overrated person I know!
Read the Transcripts!
Very good meeting on the Middle East, the Military, and Trade. Heading back to The Southern White House ( Mar-a-Lago! ). Updates throughout the day.
To those many millions of people in Iraq who want freedom and who don’t want to be dominated and controlled by Iran, this is your time!
I will be signing our very large and comprehensive Phase One Trade Deal with China on January 15. The ceremony will take place at the White House. High level representatives of China will be present. At a later date I will be going to Beijing where talks will begin on Phase Two!
President Putin of Russia called to thank me and the U. S. for informing them of a planned terrorist attack in the very beautiful city of Saint Petersburg. They were able to quickly apprehend the suspects, with many lives being saved. Great & important coordination!
Armed congregants quickly stopped a crazed church shooter in Texas. If it were not for the fact that there were people inside of the church that were both armed, and highly proficient in using their weapon, the end result would have been catastrophic. A big THANK YOU to them!
Iran killed an American contractor, wounding many. We strongly responded, and always will. Now Iran is orchestrating an attack on the U. S. Embassy in Iraq. They will be held fully responsible. In addition, we expect Iraq to use its forces to protect the Embassy, and so notified!
The Democrats will do anything to avoid a trial in the Senate in order to protect Sleepy Joe Biden, and expose the millions and millions of dollars that “Where’s” Hunter, & possibly Joe, were paid by companies and countries for doing NOTHING. Joe wants no part of this mess!
Our prayers are with the families of the victims and the congregation of yesterday’s church attack. It was over in 6 seconds thanks to the brave parishioners who acted to protect 242 fellow worshippers. Lives were saved by these heroes, and Texas laws allowing them to carry arms!
He is Fake News, will always be Fredo to us. I should release some of his dishonest interviews? Coupled with bad ratings, he ’ d be out!
Thank you to highly respected Jewish leader Dov Hikind for his wonderful statements about me this morning on.
The anti-Semitic attack in Monsey, New York, on the 7th night of Hanukkah last night is horrific. We must all come together to fight, confront, and eradicate the evil scourge of anti-Semitism. Melania and I wish the victims a quick and full recovery.
Crazy Nancy Pelosi should spend more time in her decaying city and less time on the Impeachment Hoax!
Any answers Nancy?
Tremendous Spirit!
Thank you Joe. So good for our workers!
Thank you Juliet!
A Dirty Cop at the highest level. Scum!
Thank you Adriana!
So sad to see that New York City and State are falling apart. All they want to do is investigate to make me hate them even more than I should. Governor Cuomo has lost control, and lost his mind. Very bad for the homeless and all!
I want to thank Rush Limbaugh for the tremendous support he has given to the MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Movement and our KEEP AMERICA GREAT Agenda! He is a major star who never wavered despite the Fake News Hits he has had to endure. His voice is far bigger than theirs!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi should spend more time in her her decaying city and less time on the Impeachment Hoax!
California and New York must do something about their TREMENDOUS Homeless problems. They are setting records! If their Governors can’t handle the situation, which they should be able to do very easily, they must call and “politely” ask for help. Would be so easy with competence!
The Wall is funded & being built!
Now that wasn’t very nice, was it?
Nancy, this just doesn’t seem right!
Our great First Lady. She really cares!
Congresswoman Lesko, a great American!
A true Democrat Party leader!
What kind of an animal is this?
Hillary should give it another try, but this time don’t forget Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Michigan, North Carolina & others!
Thank you!
Come on Crazy Nancy, do it!
He made same prediction in 2016. Nobody ever said Michael was stupid!
Wow Crazy Nancy, what’s going on? This is big stuff!
is doing incredible reporting. If Lamestream Media did the same, they would get respect back. At All-Time Low!
Thanks Kayleigh!
“Dow closes at another All-Time High!”
So interesting to see Nancy Pelosi demanding fairness from McConnell when she presided over the most unfair hearing in the history of the United States Congress!
Thank YOU Indian Country for being such an IMPORTANT part of the American story! I recently signed 3 bills to support tribal sovereignty...
... and native culture – S. 216 / Spokane Tribe, S. 256 / Native Languages and NDAA Sec. 2870 officially recognizing Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians. My great honor to do so!
“Trump Stock Market rally is far outpacing past U. S. presidents” With new trade deals, and more, THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Speaker Pelosi and Chuck Schumer’s drive to try and rig the trial against the President is misplaced. There is no factual basis for the Articles of Impeachment that passed the House. This President will be exonerated. ” William McGinley
Thank you Kristy, have a great year!
Academy Award winning actor ( and great guy! ) is fantastic in the role of Mickey Donovan in the big television hit, Ray Donovan. From Midnight Cowboy to Deliverance to The Champ ( one of the best ever boxing movies ), & many others, Jon delivers BIG. Also, LOVES THE USA!
“Democrats repeatedly claimed impeachment was an urgent matter, but now Nancy Pelosi uses stall tactics to obstruct the Senate.” It’s all part of the Impeachment Hoax!
“Pelosi’s stall tactics expose the weakness of Democrat’s impeachment case.”
Thank you Ritchie!
The movie will never be the same! ( just kidding )
I guess Justin T doesn’t much like my making him pay up on NATO or Trade!
California leads the nation, by far, in both the number of homeless people, and the percentage increase in the homeless population - two terrible stats. Crazy Nancy should focus on that in her very down district, and helping her incompetent governor with the big homeless problem!
“Nancy Pelosi is trying to usurp the Constitutional role of the Senate. The longer this goes on, the more petty, partisan & political it all looks.” Just more of the same from the Do Nothing Dems. Nancy should be helping the record number of homeless in her D!
“Nasdaq Hits 9,000 for First Time Ever”
“Trump stock market rally is far outpacing past US presidents”
Russia, Syria, and Iran are killing, or on their way to killing, thousands of innocent civilians in Idlib Province. Don’t do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.
Despite all of the great success that our Country has had over the last 3 years, it makes it much more difficult to deal with foreign leaders ( and others ) when I am having to constantly defend myself against the Do Nothing Democrats & their bogus Impeachment Scam. Bad for USA!
Russia, Syria, and Iran are killing, or on their way to killing, thousands if inocent civilians in Idlib Province. Don’t do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.
“Nancy Pelosi has no leverage over the Senate. Mitch McConnell did not nose his way into the impeachment process in the House, and she has no standing in the Senate.” Brad Blakeman. Crazy Nancy should clean up her filthy dirty District & help the homeless there. A primary for N?
Nancy Pelosi’s District in California has rapidly become one of the worst anywhere in the U. S. when it come to the homeless & crime. It has gotten so bad, so fast - she has lost total control and, along with her equally incompetent governor, Gavin Newsom, it is a very sad sight!
Brad Blakeman “I happen to believe as a lawyer that the charges are defective, they don’t meet the Constitutional standard of high crimes and misdemeanors, so I would like to see a Motion to Dismiss. At least 51 Republican Senators would agree with that-there should be no trial.”
The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats said they wanted to RUSH everything through to the Senate because “President Trump is a threat to National Security” ( they are vicious, will say anything! ), but now they don’t want to go fast anymore, they want to go very slowly. Liars!
“Look, the House is supposed to do all of this work on witnesses and documents BEFORE they send the articles over to the Senate, not to call in new witnesses, go through new documents - that work is supposed to be done in the House.”
Why should Crazy Nancy Pelosi, just because she has a slight majority in the House, be allowed to Impeach the President of the United States? Got ZERO Republican votes, there was no crime, the call with Ukraine was perfect, with “no pressure.” She said it must be “ bipartisan...
... & overwhelming, ” but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also, very unfair with no Due Process, proper representation, or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t allowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
... & overwhelming, ” but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also, very unfair with no Due Process, proper representation, or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t allowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
... & overwhelming, ” but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also, very unfair with no Due Process, proper representation, or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t alowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
Why should Crazy Nancy Pelosi, just because she has a slight majority in the House, be allowed to Impeach the President of the United States? Got ZERO Republican votes, there was no crime, the call with Ukraine was perfect, with “no pressure.” She said it must be “ bipartisan...
Wow. It’s all a giant SCAM!
Thank you Tammy. You are doing a GREAT job!
Governor Gavin N has done a really bad job on taking care of the homeless population in California. If he can’t fix the problem, the Federal Govt. will get involved!
2019 HOLIDAY RETAIL SALES WERE UP 3.4 % FROM LAST YEAR, THE BIGGEST NUMBER IN U. S. HISTORY. CONGRATULATIONS AMERICA!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
187 new Federal Judges have been confirmed under the Trump Administration, including two great new United States Supreme Court Justices. We are shattering every record! Read all about this in “The Long Game,” a great new book by Mitch McConnell. Amazing story!
The ONLY reason we were able to get our great USMCA Trade Deal approved was because the Do Nothing Democrats wanted to show that they could approve something productive in light of the fact that all they even think about is impeachment. She knows nothing about the USMCA Deal!
... the American public’s tone deafness - & it should be intolerable, because the American people have had it with this. ” The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have gone CRAZY. They want to make it as hard as possible for me to properly run our Country!
“ The Dems are complicating matters again. Keeping Mueller out of it was the focus. Keeping it crisp & simple was the key, and now all of a sudden they are saying maybe we’ll go back and visit the Mueller probe, which is absolutely unbelievable, and shows they don’t care about...
“The Trump Administration, Trump policies, have put our economy on a trajectory it has never been on before.” Griff Jenkins ,
“Stocks kick off Christmas week at All-Time Record Highs.”
... mount some kind of public pressure to demand witnesses, but McConnell has the votes and he can run this trial anyway he wants to.
Everything we’re seeing from Speaker Pelosi and Senator Schumer suggests that they’re in real doubt about the evidence they’ve brought forth so far not being good enough, and are very, very urgently seeking a way to find some more evidence. The only way to make this work is to..
“The real victims here are the American people and the Constitution. The Constitution has been damaged by this ploy being used by Nancy Pelosi. This is a very bad time for the United States Constitution.”
What the Democrats are doing is “Obstruction of the Senate. It’s wrong Constitutionally, it’s wrong morally, and it’s wrong politically.” l agree, and so does the public!
STOCK MARKET CLOSES AT ALL-TIME HIGH! What a great time for the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats to Impeach your favorite President, especially since he has not done anything wrong!
NASDAQ UP 72.2 % SINCE OUR GREAT 2016 ELECTION VICTORY! DOW UP 55.8 %. The best is yet to come!
I agree 100 %!
Wouldn’t it be reasonable to assume that Republicans in the Senate should handle the Impeachment Hoax in the exact same manner as Democrats in the House handled their recent partisan scam? Why would it be different for Republicans than it was for the Radical Left Democrats?
... What right does Crazy Nancy have to hold up this Senate trial. None! She has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. This Witch Hunt must end NOW with a trial in the Senate, or let her default & lose. No more time should be wasted on this Impeachment Scam!
Nancy Pelosi, who has already lost the House & Speakership once, & is about to lose it again, is doing everything she can to delay the zero Republican vote Articles of Impeachment. She is trying to take over the Senate, & Cryin ’ Chuck is trying to take over the trial. No way!...
... What right does Crazy Nancy have to hold up this Senate trial. None! She has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. This Witch Hunt must end NOW with a trial in the Senate, or let her default & lose. No more time should be wasted on this Impeachment Scam!
Nancy Pelosi, who has already lost the House & Speakership once, & is about to lose it again, is doing everything she can to delay the zero Republican vote Articles of Inpeachment. She is trying to take over the Senate, & Cryin ’ Chuck is trying to take over the trial. No way!...
Pelosi gives us the most unfair trial in the history of the U. S. Congress, and now she is crying for fairness in the Senate, and breaking all rules while doing so. She lost Congress once, she will do it again!
The Democrats and Crooked Hillary paid for & provided a Fake Dossier, with phony information gotten from foreign sources, pushed it to the corrupt media & Dirty Cops, & have now been caught. They spied on my campaign, then tried to cover it up - Just Like Watergate, but bigger!
Melania and I send our warmest wishes to Jewish people in the United States, Israel, and across the world as you commence the 8-d ay celebration of Hanukkah.
Crazy Nancy wants to dictate terms on the Impeachment Hoax to the Republican Majority Senate, but striped away all Due Process, no lawyers or witnesses, on the Democrat Majority House. The Dems just wish it would all end. Their case is dead, their poll numbers are horrendous!



Last night I was so proud to have signed the largest Defense Bill ever. The very vital Space Force was created. New planes, ships, missiles, rockets and equipment of every kind, and all made right here in the USA. Additionally, we got Border Wall ( being built ) funding. Nice!

The great Democrat disgrace. But we are winning!
Plus, never did anything wrong. Read the Transcripts. A Democrat Hoax!
Broke all time Stock Market Record again today. 135 times since my 2016 Election Win. Thank you!
Thank you Franklin!

BIG thank you to Mac Thornberry ( ) for a GREAT Defense Deal! Mac has been a champion for our Military and Vets his whole career, and now he can add Space Force to his accomplishments. Look forward to another great defense bill next year, Mac!
Proud of’s tenacious Oklahoma spirit that got the NDAA done. Maybe the best yet because it takes care of troops & establishes SPACE FORCE, which is 1st new branch since 1947 ( Air Force ). Another huge win for Jim’s legacy. To many more!
My Administration pushed to include a big expansion to Veteran telehealth in the spending bill so that the brave men and women who served our Country get the care they need. #RuralProsperity
Honored to finally put an end to the “Widow’s Tax” and ensure that our surviving military spouses receive their full benefits. The spouses and families of our fallen heroes have suffered enough and WE must do everything in our power to ease the burden.
We will always provide for our Veterans and their mental health. I pushed Congress to provide $ 10 Billion for Vet mental health, suicide prevention outreach, and funding for my PREVENTS Initiative to end Vet suicide. Congress responded. A big win for our Vets!
A total Witch Hunt!
Last year I signed legislation that gives our Veterans CHOICE, through private providers, and at urgent care facilities! Today we fully funded this $ 10 billion a year effort that gets our brave Veterans care quickly, and close to home.
“It’s time to put House Democrats on trial.”
To Our Incredible Federal Workforce:
To The Extraordinary Men and Women of the United States Military:
We are getting MS - 13 gang members, and many other people that shouldn’t be here, out of our Country!
THANK YOU! #KAG2020 🇺 🇸
Nancy Pelosi is looking for a Quid Pro Quo with the Senate. Why aren’t we Impeaching her?
Economy is GREAT, Big Stock Market uptick today. Best ranking in 20 years admits CNN!
Just had a great call with the President of Brazil,. We discussed many subjects including Trade. The relationship between the United States and Brazil has never been Stronger!
Congressman Kevin Brady ( ) is an outstanding representative for our Country and the Great State of Texas. A big supporter of our #MAGA Agenda...
... Kevin is strong on Securing the Border, #USMCA, protecting our #2A, and Loves our Vets and Military. Kevin is a true friend, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
The Democrat Party’s Witch Hunt and CRAZY EXTREME policies are chasing common sense people out of the Dem Party. That’s why Jeff Van Drew ( ) voted NO on the Impeachment Hoax. Jeff will be joining our growing Republican Party...
... and has my FULL Endorsement. This is a BIG win for our GOP and a BIG win for South Jersey. South Jersey is TRUMP COUNTRY, so I know ALL NJ Republicans will join me in supporting Jeff Van Drew. The Dems are already coming after him, so help Jeff win.
Congressman is a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda! He fights for your #2A rights and the Border Wall. Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Thank you to Franklin Graham for stating that his father, the late great Billy Graham, voted for me in the 2016 Election. I know how pleased you are with the work we have all done together!
I guess the magazine, “Christianity Today,” is looking for Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders, or those of the socialist / communist bent, to guard their religion. How about Sleepy Joe? The fact is, no President has ever done what I have done for Evangelicals, or religion itself!
Had a very good talk with President Xi of China concerning our giant Trade Deal. China has already started large scale purchaes of agricultural product & more. Formal signing being arranged. Also talked about North Korea, where we are working with China, & Hong Kong ( progress! ).
I will be signing our 738 Billion Dollar Defense Spending Bill today. It will include 12 weeks Paid Parental Leave, gives our troops a raise, importantly creates the SPACE FORCE, SOUTHERN BORDER WALL FUNDING, repeals “Cadillac Tax” on Health Plans, raises smoking age to 21! BIG!
I will be signing our 738 Billion Dollar Defense Spending Bill today. It will include 12 weeks Paid Parental Leave, gives our troops a raise, importantly creates the SPACE FORCE, SOUTHERN BORDER WALL FUNDING, repeals “Cadillac Tax” on Health Plans, raises smocking age to 21! BIG
... have a Radical Left nonbeliever, who wants to take your religion & your guns, than Donald Trump as your President. No President has done more for the Evangelical community, and it’s not even close. You’ll not get anything from those Dems on stage. I won’t be reading ET again!
A far left magazine, or very “progressive,” as some would call it, which has been doing poorly and hasn’t been involved with the Billy Graham family for many years, Christianity Today, knows nothing about reading a perfect transcript of a routine phone call and would rather...
Thank you Bill. So true!
“House Democrats perpetrating a fraud on America.”
#MAGA
“What’s been revealed is a Country in better shape than it’s been in decades. Working men and women in the Country are the beneficiaries of a President who’s doing exactly what he said he was going to do, that is to restore prosperity for all Americans.” Thank you Lou!
“This is political malpractice. This is a horrible judgement call on the part of the Speaker. You put your members in Trump friendly districts in a very difficult spot. It’s only going to extend it out further. This looks like the joke that it actually is.” Ben Domenech
The reason the Democrats don’t want to submit the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate is that they don’t want corrupt politician Adam Shifty Schiff to testify under oath, nor do they want the Whistleblower, the missing second Whistleblower, the informer, the Bidens, to testify!
The House Democrats were unable to get even a single vote from the Republicans on their Impeachment Hoax. The Republicans have never been so united! The Dem’s case is so bad that they don’t even want to go to trial!
So after the Democrats gave me no Due Process in the House, no lawyers, no witnesses, no nothing, they now want to tell the Senate how to run their trial. Actually, they have zero proof of anything, they will never even show up. They want out. I want an immediate trial!
The great USMCA Trade Deal ( Mexico & Canada ) has been sitting on Nancy Pelosi’s desk for 8 months, she doesn’t even know what it says, & today, after passing by a wide margin in the House, Pelosi tried to take credit for it. Labor will vote for Trump. Trade deal is great for USA!
“Jesse ( Watters ), this is the best year any President has ever had, plus we get an impeachment.” The Five
Pelosi feels her phony impeachment HOAX is so pathetic she is afraid to present it to the Senate, which can set a date and put this whole SCAM into default if they refuse to show up! The Do Nothings are so bad for our Country!
Thank you Rena!
Thank you Terrence!
Thank you Anne!
Our great Congressman Gohmert is a TRUE patriot fighting back against people that must hate our Country!
This is what the Dems are dealing with. Does anyone think this is good for the USA!
I got Impeached last night without one Republican vote being cast with the Do Nothing Dems on their continuation of the greatest Witch Hunt in American history. Now the Do Nothing Party want to Do Nothing with the Articles & not deliver them to the Senate, but it’s Senate’s call!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
“The Senate shall set the time and place of the trial.” If the Do Nothing Democrats decide, in their great wisdom, not to show up, they would lose by Default!
I got Impeached last might without one Republican vote being cast with the Do Nothing Dems on their continuation of the greatest Witch Hunt in American history. Now the Do Nothing Party want to Do Nothing with the Articles & not deliver them to the Senate, but it’s Senate’s call!
100 % Republican Vote. That’s what people are talking about. The Republicans are united like never before!

THANK YOU! #KAG
Thank you Michigan, I am on my way. See everybody soon! #KAG
SUCH ATROCIOUS LIES BY THE RADICAL LEFT, DO NOTHING DEMOCRATS. THIS IS AN ASSAULT ON AMERICA, AND AN ASSAULT ON THE REPUBLICAN PARTY!!!
... won’t convict and remove the President - Then the House should not be Impeaching the President in the first place. If this is the new standard, every President from here on out is impeachable. ” Andy McCarthy So well stated. Thank you!
In the end here, nothing happened. We don’t approach anything like the egregious conduct that should be necessary before a President should be removed from office. I believe that a President can’t be removed from office if there is no reasonable possibility that the Senate..
“The evidence has to be overwhelming, and it is not. It’s not even close.” Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel
Will go down in history as worst Speaker. Already thrown out once!
Thank you!
“Impeachment is a terrible idea for the Country. The more people learn about impeachment, the less people want impeachment.”
“This is all about convicting a President based on innuendo, not on the facts. Even the Ukrainian President said there was no pressure!”
Thank you!
Thank you!
Sean P is a much stronger candidate!
Sean is a great patriot and will do a fantastic job. Has my total and complete endorsement!
... out, and he’s been amazing at it. The Democrsts have no message, they have no hope for 2020. ” Thank you Doug!
... said, “I ’ m going to clean up Washington, I ’ m going to help people.” He gave big tax cuts, he’s made our military strong. They’re mad at him because he actually did what he said he was going to do. History will record we’re experiencing some of the best times we’ve ever...
... had, while the Democrats are just looking out for elections. This President should just continue to fight like he’s always fought, for himself & for this Country. Continue to put forth policies like prescription drugs & trade policies. That’s what makes this President stand..
“ It’s sad. Here’s a gentleman who came to the White House and all they had was never to let him have an easy breath. All they wanted to do is impeach him. They started the day after he was elected, even the day after he was sworn in. But this President came to Washington and...
“They just wanted to get at the President. They had no intention of having a proper investigation. They couldn’t find any crimes so they did a vague abuse of power and abuse of Congress, which every administration from the beginning has done.”
Can you believe that I will be impeached today by the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, AND I DID NOTHING WRONG! A terrible Thing. Read the Transcripts. This should never happen to another President again. Say a PRAYER!
. “My hope is that impeachment will never become this trivial again.” Well said Brian!
. “Voters say the Democrats are trying to take away their votes. Pelosi was right the first time. Impeachment has backfired thoroughly on the Democrats. How can you Impeach the President for going to the courts?”
So, if Comey & the top people in the FBI were dirty cops and cheated on the FISA Court, wouldn’t all of these phony cases have to be overturned or dismissed? They went after me with the Fake Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary & the DNC, which they illegally presented to FISA...
... They want to Impeach me ( I ’ m not worried! ), and yet they were all breaking the law in so many ways. How can they do that and yet impeach a very successful ( Economy Plus ) President of the United States, who has done nothing wrong? These people are Crazy!
Good marks and reviews on the letter I sent to Pelosi today. She is the worst! No wonder with people like her and Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer, D. C. has been such a mess for so long - and that includes the previous administration who ( and now we know for sure ) SPIED on my campaign.
Democrat “leadership,” despite their denials, are putting tremendous pressure on their members to vote yes on this ridiculous Impeachment. If they vote yes, it will be much easier for Republicans to win in 2020!
Wow! “In a stunning rebuke of the FBI, the FISA court severly chastised the FBI for the FISA abuses brought to light in the recent Inspector General’s Report. There were at least 17 significant errors.” Statement by the Court was long and tough. Means my case was a SCAM!

Senator Dan Sullivan is doing a great job for the people of Alaska while supporting our #MAGA Agenda. He fights hard everyday to support our Veterans and the Military. Dan is Strong on the #2A and is 100 % pro-jobs. I give Dan Sullivan my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. is a BUSINESSMAN first. He takes care of our Vets and Troops and is leading the fight to SLASH drug prices! Buddy's 100 % pro-Wall & 100 % pro-jobs. He will KEEP AMERICA GREAT and has my total, Strong Endorsement!
Congressman Riggleman is a true CONSERVATIVE leader who has done a great job for Virginia and will support our #MAGA Agenda. He defends our right to bear arms, protect our Borders & help small businesses. Denver has my Total Endorsement!
Congressman is a big time #MAGA supporter! Markwayne has fought hard for Oklahoma Veterans and Military, he loves our Farmers and he’s Strong on Border Security. I give Markwayne my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congresswoman Kay has worked hard for Texas and been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. She’s strong on #2A and Securing our Border and is 100 % pro-life. Kay has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
We support in Bolivia as she works to ensure a peaceful democratic transition through free elections. We denounce the ongoing violence and those that provoke it both in Bolivia and from afar. The U. S. stands with the people of the region for peace and democracy!
Senator Josh Hawley ( R-Mo ) “ They ( the Dems ) don’t have anything. This whole thing is a joke, and it’s time to get the President exonerated. The House has no evidence of any impeachable offense. There’s nothing there, and they didn’t even charge a crime. They’ve had their...
... chance, they’ve had their kangaroo court, they’ve had their circus for weeks and months. There just isn’t anything there and there’s no way I ’ m voting for Impeachment for somebody who hasn’t committed any impeachable offenses. ”
Would be sooo great if the Fed would further lower interest rates and quantitative ease. The Dollar is very strong against other currencies and there is almost no inflation. This is the time to do it. Exports would zoom!
The new USA Today Poll, just out, has me leading all of the Democrat contenders. That’s hard to believe since the Fake News & 3 year Scams and Witch Hunts, as phony as they are, just never seem to end. The American people are smart. They see the great economy, & everything else!
Impeachment Poll numbers are starting to drop like a rock now that people are understanding better what this whole Democrat Scam is all about!
. “Trump wins major victories in China and USMCA trade deals, defense spending and Space Force.” Thank you!
The Stock Market hit another Record High yesterday, number 133 in less than three years as your all time favorite President, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, want to impeach me. Don’t worry, I have done nothing wrong. Actually, they have!
Congressman Jeff Van Drew is very popular in our great and very united Republican Party. It was a tribute to him that he was able to win his heavily Republican district as a Democrat. People like that are not easily replaceable!


New Stock Market high! I will never get bored of telling you that – and we will never get tired of winning!
Wow!
Thank you Devin. Great reflexes!
Thank you CC!
... to me, and there are many options, including doing them directly & avoiding the nasty politics of this very biased Commission. I will make a decision at an appropriate time but in the meantime, the Commission on Presidential Debates is NOT authorized to speak for me ( or R’s )!
... The problem is that the so-called Commission on Presidential Debates is stacked with Trump Haters & Never Trumpers. 3 years ago they were forced to publicly apologize for modulating my microphone in the first debate against Crooked Hillary. As President, the debates are up...
I look very much forward to debating whoever the lucky person is who stumbles across the finish line in the little watched Do Nothing Democrat Debates. My record is so good on the Economy and all else, including debating, that perhaps I would consider more than 3 debates...
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS! The Impeachment Hoax is the greatest con job in the history of American politics! The Fake News Media, and their partner, the Democrat Party, are working overtime to make life for the United Republican Party, and all it stands for, as difficult as possible!
“The American people see through it.”

... energy independence, manufacturing resilience, illegal immigration coming down, the Wall going up, China confronted, the caliphate defeated, NAFTA renegotiated, our military rebuilt, NATO paying more, regulations costing less,... and much more. This is why they’re...
... impeaching him. They hate the fact, above all, that this president is delivering. Substantial policy results for the working Americans who put him in the White House, and they can’t beat him in a fair fight next year. ” Thank you Steve!
“ Here in America it will be the same victory as BREXIT, but even more so. In the U. S., while all of this has been going on, the Impeachment, the obstruction, the resistance, President Trump has managed to deliver not just promises, but a record which adds up to one...
... of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade deals, help for working families, and much more. Over the last 3 years, unemployment falling, earnings rising, criminal justice reform, the heartland revived,...
... energy independence, manufacturing resilience, illegal immigration coming down, the Wall going up, China confronted, the caliphate defeated, NAFTA renegotiated, our militsry rebuilt, NATO paying more, regulations costing less,... and much more. This is why they’re...
... impeaching him. They hate the fact, above all, that this president is delivering. Substantial policy results for the working Americans who put him in the White House, and they can’t beat him in a fair fight next year. ” Thank you Steve!
... of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade deals, help for working families, and much more. Over the last 3 years, unemployment falling, earnings rising, criminal justice reform, the heartland revived,...
“ Here in America it will be the same victory as BREXIT, but even more so. In the U. S., while all of this has been going on, the Impeachment, the obstruction, the resistance, President Trump has managed to deliver not just promises, but a record which adds up to one...
Watch these two great people talk about the Impeachment Hoax. Will be by far the best hour on television!
Congressional Do Nothing Democrats are being absolutely decimated in their districts on the subject of the Impeachment Hoax. People that voted for them are literally screaming in their faces. Crazy Nancy is finding defending Shifty Schiff harder than she thought! #2020Election
Because Nancy’s teeth were falling out of her mouth, and she didn’t have time to think!
Fake News!
., who will be interviewed on tonight at 8: 00 P. M., , stated about the Impeachment Hoax, “This is outrages lying, corruption and propaganda. Should never be allowed to happen.”
Approval Rating in Republican Party = 95 %, a Record! Overall Approval Rating = 51 %. Think of where I ’ d be without the never ending, 24 hour a day, phony Witch Hunt, that started 3 years ago!
The, always inaccurate, are heavily weighted toward Dems. So ridiculous - same thing happened in 2016. They got it all wrong. Get a new pollster!
“The President did nothing wrong here. There is no crime.” Impeachment Hoax!
“There is no bribery, or any crime at all, alleged in the Articles of Impeachment. This is a first in the history of our Country.”
So now Comey’s admitting he was wrong. Wow, but he’s only doing so because he got caught red handed. He was actually caught a long time ago. So what are the consequences for his unlawful conduct. Could it be years in jail? Where are the apologies to me and others, Jim?
A PERFECT phone call. “Can you do us ( not me. Us is referring to our Country ) a favor. ” Then go on to talk about “ Country ” and “ U. S. Attorney General.” The Impeachment Hoax is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which has been going on for 3 years. We will win! #MAGAKAG #2020
As bad as the I. G. Report is for the FBI and others, and it is really bad, remember that I. G. Horowitz was appointed by Obama. There was tremendous bias and guilt exposed, so obvious, but Horowitz couldn’t get himself to say it. Big credibility loss. Obama knew everything!
Far from it!
Crooked Hillary caught again. She is a total train wreck!
Schiff’s correcting the record memo has turned out to be totally wrong ( based on the I. G. Report )! A very big lie. And has turned out to be completely right. Congratulations to Devin. The Fake News Media should apologize to all!
Wow, that would be big. Always heard Jeff is very smart!
Thank you for your honesty Jeff. All of the Democrats know you are right, but unlike you, they don’t have the “guts” to say so!
I will see Navy at the White House to present the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy!
Incredible young, strong and brilliant people. Army / Navy!
Congratulations to Tiger and the entire U. S. Team on a great comeback and tremendous WIN. True Champions!
It was my Great Honor to attend the 120th Army-Navy game today in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania!
Both Commiecast MSNBC & Fake News CNN are watching their Ratings TANK. Fredo on CNN is dying. Don’t know why wants to be more like them? They’ll all die together as other outlets take their place. Only pro Trump Fox shows do well. Rest are nothing. How’s Shep doing?
Hard to believe that will be interviewing sleazebag & totally discredited former FBI Director James Comey, & also corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff. Fox is trying sooo hard to be politically correct, and yet they were totally shut out from the failed Dem debates!
Congratulations!
The last time I spoke to Debbie Dingell was her call thanking me for granting top memorial and funeral service honors for her then just departed husband, long time Congressman John Dingell. Now I watch her ripping me as part of the Democrats Impeachment Hoax. Really pathetic!

Chuck Schumer sat for years during the Obama Administration and watched as China ripped off the United States. He & the Do Nothing Democrats did NOTHING as this $ carnage took place. Now, without even seeing it, he snipes at our GREAT new deal with China. Too bad Cryin ’ Chuck!
On my way to the #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania!


... trampled on our Constitution, and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trump’s re-election in 2020. ”
“ There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts, there’s no crime, there’s no witness, there’s no evidence, there’s no victim, President Zelensky said there was...
... absolutely no pressure. I don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of it... and, they got the call, they got the meeting, and they got the money. Unbelievably, the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process, they have...
“Independent voters are fed up and frustrated with the Democrats.” Congressman Michael Waltz, Florida
... trampled on our Constitution, and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trump’s re-election in 2020. ” Jason Meister
... absolutely no pressure. I don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of it... and, they got the call, they got the meeting, and they got the money. Unbelievably, the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process, they have...
“ There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts, there’s no crime, there’s no witness, there’s no evidence, there’s no victim, President Zelensky said there was...
After watching the disgraceful way that a wonderful man, , was treated by the Democrats, and now seeing first hand how these same Radical Left, Do Nothing Dems are treating the whole Impeachment Hoax, I understand why so many Dems are voting Republican!
25 Million Evangelical Christians are not registered to vote. We are working hard to get them registered!
“The FBI declares in a court filing that it has absolutely no records of disciplinary action against any lawyers in Russia Fisa Case despite 17 acts of misconduct. There is nothing noble about their leadership. FISA Court appears to be either corrupt or incompetent.”
It’s not fair that I ’ m being Impeached when I’ve done absolutely nothing wrong! The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of Hate. They are so bad for our Country!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #Guard383
“This whole process has been rigged from the start.”
... The Penalty Tariffs set for December 15th will not be charged because of the fact that we made the deal. We will begin negotiations on the Phase Two Deal immediately, rather than waiting until after the 2020 Election. This is an amazing deal for all. Thank you!
We have agreed to a very large Phase One Deal with China. They have agreed to many structural changes and massive purchases of Agricultural Product, Energy, and Manufactured Goods, plus much more. The 25 % Tariffs will remain as is, with 7 1/2 % put on much of the remainder...
The Wall Street Journal story on the China Deal is completely wrong, especially their statement on Tariffs. Fake News. They should find a better leaker!
Record Stock Market & Jobs!
How do you get Impeached when you have done NOTHING wrong ( a perfect call ), have created the best economy in the history of our Country, rebuilt our Military, fixed the V. A. ( Choice! ), cut Taxes & Regs, protected your 2nd A, created Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, and sooo much more? Crazy!
Congratulations to on being named, BY FAR, the Number One Rated cable news show. CNN and MSNBC have totally tanked, their ratings are terrible. They have zero credibility!
“All of our presidents would be impeached under this Rogue House of Democrat Leadership.”
The Republican Party is more united now than at any time in its history - by far!
The Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of lies and deception! The Republicans are the Party of the American Dream!
Poll numbers have gone through the roof in favor of No Impeachment, especially with Swing States and Independents in Swing States. People have figured out that the Democrats have no case, it is a total Hoax. Even Pelosi admitted yesterday that she began this scam 2 1/2 years ago!
My Approval Rating in the Republican Party is 95 %, a Record. Thank you! #2020Election
The Republicans House members were fantastic yesterday. It always helps to have a much better case, in fact the Dems have no case at all, but the unity & sheer brilliance of these Republican warriors, all of them, was a beautiful sight to see. Dems had no answers and wanted out!
Congratulations to Boris Johnson on his great WIN! Britain and the United States will now be free to strike a massive new Trade Deal after BREXIT. This deal has the potential to be far bigger and more lucrative than any deal that could be made with the E. U. Celebrate Boris!
“Last night House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler admitted that Democrats are pursuing Impeachment because it’s too dangerous to simply let the American people pick the next president in 2020.”
Looking like a big win for Boris in the U. K.!
Nancy Pelosi just got duped in an interview to admitting that she has been working on impeaching me for “two and a half years.” In other words, she lied. This was the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats plan all along, long before the Ukraine phone call. Impeachment Hoax!
“ This is so surreal. For three years, this President has been harassed. He’s been electronically surveilled, spied upon, allegations have never ceased, they continue, and their continuing today. At some point you would think you would look at the abuse...
... by Congress, by the Justice Department & FBI friends of the Democrats, who hated the president when he was nothing but a candidate. At some point somebody should have said, wait a minute, this is out of control, this train is off the tracks, it’s time to get reasonable. ”
... What’s gone on the last three years is not reasonable. The majority has been so abusive. ”
I also have constantly asked, “Why aren’t Germany, France and other European countries helping Ukraine more? They are the biggest beneficiaries. Why is it always the good ol ’ United States?” The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, never mention this at their phony hearing!
Dems Veronica Escobar and Jackson Lee purposely misquoted my call. I said I want you to do us ( our Country! ) a favor, not me a favor. They know that but decided to LIE in order to make a fraudulent point! Very sad.
Getting VERY close to a BIG DEAL with China. They want it, and so do we!
Big!!!
ANTIFA will not be going after Bryce or anytime soon. They much prefer people who can’t fight back!
#ThrowbackThursday 🇺 🇸
I agree!
Dirty cops!
Amazing!
Very dishonest pols!
True!
Congratulations to JUDGE LAWRENCE VANDYKE on being confirmed to the Ninth Circuit. Great job!
Very sad!
I will be there in two weeks, The Southern White House!
What a great evening!
Thank you!
A fantastic night in Pennsylvania!
Great deal for USA!
So ridiculous. Greta must work on her Anger Management problem, then go to a good old fashioned movie with a friend! Chill Greta, Chill!
No crime!
It’s great to have a wonderful subject, President Trump. Fake News like CNN & MSNBC are dying. If they treated me fairly, they would do well. Have Zero credibility!
“New Polls Say Most Americans Oppose Impeachment.” I did nothing wrong. This will be the first Impeachment ever where there was no crime. They don’t even allege a crime. Crazy!
Great Rally in Pennsylvania last night. Congressman Lloyd Smucker ( PA - 11 ) was there and I informed him that he has my complete and total Endorsement for the upcoming 2020 Election. Lloyd has done a great job. I am with him all the way! #MAGA
They spied on my campaign!
They will never do it!
The News Media in our Country is FAKE and in many cases, totally CORRUPT!
“The Exclusive Poll, What Orthodox Jews really think about President Trump”
Wow! All of our priorities have made it into the final NDAA: Pay Raise for our Troops, Rebuilding our Military, Paid Parental Leave, Border Security, and Space Force! Congress – don’t delay this anymore! I will sign this historic defense legislation immediately!
“Zero evidence that any law was broken. They’re not even alleging that a law was broken. This is an abuse of the Constitution. It is using Impeachment as a campaign tool.”
They were just upset that I demanded they pay their fair share for NATO. Their countries are delinquent. I raised $ 530 Billion more from NATO countries! Thank you Charles.
After years of rebuilding OTHER NATIONS, we are finally rebuilding OUR NATION. In everything we do, we are putting AMERICA FIRST! #KAG2020
Day after day, we are exposing the depravity, dishonesty and sickness of the corrupt Washington establishment — and with your help, we are going to complete the mission and DRAIN THE SWAMP! #KAG2020
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep ON WINNING! We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD!
Just had a very good meeting with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and representatives of Russia. Discussed many items including Trade, Iran, North Korea, INF Treaty, Nuclear Arms Control, and Election Meddling. Look forward to continuing our dialogue in the near future!
On my way to Hershey, Pennsylvania for a rally. See everyone soon. I love Hershey chocolate!
Just received a briefing on the horrific shootout that took place in Jersey City, NJ. Our thoughts & prayers are w / the victims & their families during this very difficult & tragic time. We will continue to monitor the situation as we assist local & state officials on the ground.
Read the Transcripts! “us” is a reference to USA, not me!
Shifty Schiff, a totally corrupt politician, made up a horrible and fraudulent statement, read it to Congress, and said those words came from me. He got caught, was very embarrassed, yet nothing happened to him for committing this fraud. He’ll eventually have to answer for this!
WITCH HUNT!
Nadler just said that I “pressured Ukraine to interfere in our 2020 Election. ” Ridiculous, and he knows that is not true. Both the President & Foreign Minister of Ukraine said, many times, that there “ WAS NO PRESSURE.” Nadler and the Dems know this, but refuse to acknowledge!
Looking like very good Democrat support for USMCA. That would be great for our Country!
America’s great USMCA Trade Bill is looking good. It will be the best and most important trade deal ever made by the USA. Good for everybody - Farmers, Manufacturers, Energy, Unions - tremendous support. Importantly, we will finally end our Country’s worst Trade Deal, NAFTA!
To Impeach a President who has proven through results, including producing perhaps the strongest economy in our country’s history, to have one of the most successful presidencies ever, and most importantly, who has done NOTHING wrong, is sheer Political Madness! #2020Election
“I can’t remember anything quite like this ( the I. G. Report ).”
I don’t know what report current Director of the FBI Christopher Wray was reading, but it sure wasn’t the one given to me. With that kind of attitude, he will never be able to fix the FBI, which is badly broken despite having some of the greatest men & women working there!
“ You have to look at the 17 instances of misconduct cited in the Report, they are very bad. The FISA Court was clearly taken for a ride on this, a failure of the FBI up and fown the chain of command. It’s about as strong a medicine as I’ve seen in a report of this kind...
... in a very long time. The FBI has had some dark day in its past, but nothing like this. This was VERY SERIOUS MISCONDUCT ON THE PART OF THE FBI. ” Are you listening Comey, McCabe, lovers Lisa & Peter, the beautiful Ohr family, Brennan, Clapper & many more?
A great choice. Bill is a winner!
Read the Transcripts!
True!
The Do Nothing Democrats are a disgrace!
The best Economy ever!
Witch Hunt!
The Real Deal!
Witch Hunt!
Let our great soldiers fight!
AMERICA FIRST!
“The Democrats have thrown a wrecking ball at our Democracy.”
“No president in American history has been treated like this.”
. CNN is a ratings disaster. Lost all credibility!
What he did is illegal. Schiff is a corrupt politician and a criminal!
“This would be the first Impeachment in American history without a specific criminal statute or crime that the president whose impeached would have allegedly committed.” Paul Gigot, The Wall Street Journal
... American people are supposed to believe that this simply isn’t a part of everthing they’ve been trying to do for the last three years? I think it is really a hard sell for Nancy Pelosi. ” The Wall Street Journal
“ The Democrats haven’t come up with a smocking gun. Nancy Pelosi, by raising this to the level of Impeachment, has raised the bar impossibly high. This comes after three years of nonstop investigations of Trump, the Russian collusion narrative, the Mueller Report, & now the...
I. G. report out tomorrow. That will be the big story!
“I think the Democrats are going to lose many members over this.”
The Wall is going up fast!
I got NATO countries to pay 530 Billion Dollars a year more, and the U. S. less, and came home to a Fake News Media that mocked me. Didn’t think that was possible!
Great!
Don’t get why puts losers on like ( who got ZERO as presidential candidate before quitting ), Pramila Jayapal, David Cicilline and others who are Radical Left Haters? The Dems wouldn’t let get near their bad ratings debates, yet Fox panders. Pathetic!
... it’s going to go nowhere. They are going to impeach not because they have the evidence, but because they hate the president. I think the American people know that this is a waste of time, this is Democrats putting on a circus. interviewed by Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd
“ Any president has the authority to investigate corruption. The President himself released the transcript of the call. Now the Democrats have no evidence of a crime and no evidence of violating the law. This is a kangaroo court in the House, but it’s going to go to the Senate,...
. “ The Democrats are now admitting that they can’t prove a crime, they can’t prove a law was violated, and here’s why. Any president, any administration, is justified in investigating corruption, and there was serious evidence of real corruption concerning Hunter...
... Biden on the board of the largest natural gas company in Ukraine, getting paid $ 83,000 a month, 10 times as much as a board member of. ” Thank you Ted. He also made a fortune from China and others, but zero before his father became V. P.
Less than 48 hours before start of the Impeachment Hearing Hoax, on Monday, the No Due Process, Do Nothing Democrats are, believe it or not, changing the Impeachment Guidelines because the facts are not on their side. When you can’t win the game, change the rules!
... with the U. S. Presidential Election in November. North Korea, under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, has tremendous economic potential, but it must denuclearize as promised. NATO, China, Russia, Japan, and the entire world is unified on this issue!
Kim Jong Un is too smart and has far too much to lose, everything actually, if he acts in a hostile way. He signed a strong Denuclearization Agreement with me in Singapore. He does not want to void his special relationship with the President of the United States or interfere...


Congratulations to on tonight’s huge WIN, a Great American Patriot!
“Schiff’s surveillance ( obtaining phone logs ) is an unprecedented abuse of power.” To put it mildly. Also, it is illegal!
The United States Secret Service Deputy Assistant Director, Anthony Ornato, will become my new Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations. I have worked with Tony for 3 years - he will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Dan Walsh for his great service, and congratulations to Tony!
“Not only have the Democrats not advanced key pieces of legislation that would help the economy, but the polls, especially in early states, are showing that voters are tuning out.” They don’t want our greatest of all presidents impeached!
“Why re-elect Democrats when you know that this is what they are doing with their majority. Their case is not strong because first it was Russian Collusion, then it was obstruction, then it was Ukraine, now their pivoting back to Russia. Why would they be doing that?” Lisa Booth
Our Economy is the envy of the World!
Hard to believe, but if Nancy Pelosi had put our great Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, USMCA, up for a vote long ago, our economy would be even better. If she doesn’t move quickly, it will collapse!
The United States will not rest until we bring every American wrongfully detained in Iran and around the world back home to their loved ones!
Taken during the Obama Administration ( despite $ 150 Billion gift ), returned during the Trump Administration. Thank you to Iran on a very fair negotiation. See, we can make a deal together!
While the world is not doing well economically, our Country is doing better, perhaps, than it has ever done before. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Read the Transcripts! Also, see where I say “us ” ( our Country ) as opposed to “ me” ( meaning me ) and where I then say that the Attorney General ( of the United States ) will call you. People still remember Schiff’s made up and fraudulent version of my conversation. Witch Hunt!
Why is the World Bank loaning money to China? Can this be possible? China has plenty of money, and if they don’t, they create it. STOP!
Fake News is reporting that I am “still using personal cell phone for calls despite repeated security warnings.” This is totally false information and reporting. I haven’t had a personal cell phone for years. Only use government approved and issued phones. Retract!
Nadler hasn’t had a single fact witness testify! Zero substance — Country wants #USMCA and Growth, not Impeachment. Polls have tanked on the Do Nothing Democrats!
GREAT WORK yesterday by the Senate to support our Historically Black Colleges and Universities! Thank you, , and for your leadership...
... This Bill HELPS students get the student aid they need to go to college! STOP the headaches, and STOP the PAPERWORK barriers to HIGHER EDUCATION! Congrats to Lamar!
Congressman has done a wonderful job for the people of Texas while supporting our #MAGA Agenda. He continues to protect your very important #2A. Lance is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Lance has my Complete & Total Endorsement!
All necessary work has been completed to declare Mexican Cartels terrorist organizations. Statutorily we are ready to do so. However, at the request of a man who I like and respect, and has worked so well with us, President Andres Manuel we...
... will temporarily hold off this designation and step up our joint efforts to deal decisively with these vicious and ever-growing organizations!
... The King said that the Saudi people are greatly angered by the barbaric actions of the shooter, and that this person in no way shape or form represents the feelings of the Saudi people who love the American people.
King Salman of Saudi Arabia just called to express his sincere condolences and give his sympathies to the families and friends of the warriors who were killed and wounded in the attack that took place in Pensacola, Florida...
Just received a full briefing on the tragic shooting at NAS Pensacola in Florida, and spoke to. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families during this difficult time. We are continuing to monitor the situation as the investigation is ongoing.
Without the horror show that is the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, the Stock Markets and Economy would be even better, if that is possible, and the Border would be closed to the evil of Drugs, Gangs and all other problems! #2020
“This seems personal. That it is deeply unfair, that has not changed. This has become a matter of their unhinged emotional reaction to a man who has bettered them, who has had victory where they have not had victory, and has exposed the problem with the Leftists.”
“This is a blowout. Look at these manufacturing numbers, a blowout.”
“This is the best number I’ve ever seen in my life.”
GREAT JOBS REPORT!
Stock Markets Up Record Numbers. For this year alone, Dow up 18.65 %, S & P up 24.36 %, Nasdaq Composite up 29.17 %. “It’s the economy, stupid.”
Do not believe any article or story you read or see that uses “anonymous sources ” having to do with trade or any other subject. Only accept information if it has an actual living name on it. The Fake News Media makes up many “ sources say” stories. Do not believe them!
Where’s the Fake Whistleblower? Where’s Whistleblower number 2? Where’s the phony informer who got it all wrong?
The story today that we are sending 12,000 troops to Saudi Arabia is false or, to put it more accurately, Fake News!

Republican Approval Rating = 95 %. Thank you!
Nancy Pelosi just had a nervous fit. She hates that we will soon have 182 great new judges and sooo much more. Stock Market and employment records. She says she “prays for the President.” I don’t believe her, not even close. Help the homeless in your district Nancy. USMCA?
THANK YOU! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
The Do Nothing, Radical Left Democrats have just announced that they are going to seek to Impeach me over NOTHING. They already gave up on the ridiculous Mueller “stuff,” so now they hang their hats on two totally appropriate ( perfect ) phone calls with the Ukrainian President...
... This will mean that the beyond important and seldom used act of Impeachment will be used routinely to attack future Presidents. That is not what our Founders had in mind. The good thing is that the Republicans have NEVER been more united. We will win!
The Do Nothing Democrats had a historically bad day yesterday in the House. They have no Impeachment case and are demeaning our Country. But nothing matters to them, they have gone crazy. Therefore I say, if you are going to impeach me, do it now, fast, so we can have a fair...
... trial in the Senate, and so that our Country can get back to business. We will have Schiff, the Bidens, Pelosi and many more testify, and will reveal, for the first time, how corrupt our system really is. I was elected to “Clean the Swamp,” and that’s what I am doing!
Tremendous things achieved for U. S. on my NATO trip. Proudly for our Country, no President has ever achieved so much in so little time. Without a U. S. increase, other countries have already increased by $ 130 Billion-with $ 400 Billion soon. Such a thing has never been done before!
When I said, in my phone call to the President of Ukraine, “I would like you to do US a favor though because our country has been through a lot and Ukraine knows a lot about it. ” With the word “ us” I am referring to the United States, our Country. I then went on to say that...
... ” I would like to have the Attorney General ( of the United States ) call you or your people... ” This, based on what I have seen, is their big point - and it is no point at a all ( except for a big win for me! ). The Democrats should apologize to the American people!
Just read the best Maureen Dowd column, in the New York Times, EVER ( although she treated me great before politics ), but it was written by her brother, Kevin. Someone in the News Media should hire her wonderful, talented, and very smart brother!
. has now recognized SPACE as an operational domain and the alliance is STRONGER for it. U. S. leadership ensures peace through strength and we must continue to show strength and WIN on all fronts – land, air, sea, and SPACE!
The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to belittle my VERY successful trip to London for NATO. I got along great with the NATO leaders, even getting them to pay $ 130 Billion a year more, & $ 400 Billion a year more in 3 years. No increase for U. S., only deep respect!
Thank you! #NATOLondon
... When today’s meetings are over, I will be heading back to Washington. We won’t be doing a press conference at the close of NATO because we did so many over the past two days. Safe travels to all!
Great progress has been made by NATO over the last three years. Countries other than the U. S. have agreed to pay 130 Billion Dollars more per year, and by 2024, that number will be 400 Billion Dollars. NATO will be richer and stronger than ever before...
... Just finished meetings with Turkey and Germany. Heading to a meeting now with those countries that have met their 2 % GOALS, followed by meetings with Denmark and Italy...
Enjoyed my meeting with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom at last night. Talked about numerous subjects including and Trade.
Thank you!
Too bad. We will miss you Kamala!
The United States of America supports the brave people of Iran who are protesting for their FREEDOM. We have under the Trump Administration, and always will!
True!
Mini Mike Bloomberg has instructed his third rate news organization not to investigate him or any Democrat, but to go after President Trump, only. The Failing New York Times thinks that is O. K., because their hatred & bias is so great they can’t even see straight. It’s not O. K.!
Just landed in the United Kingdom, heading to London for NATO meetings tomorrow. Prior to landing I read the Republicans Report on the Impeachment Hoax. Great job! Radical Left has NO CASE. Read the Transcripts. Shouldn’t even be allowed. Can we go to Supreme Court to stop?
The Fed should lower rates ( there is almost no inflation ) and loosen, making us competitive with other nations, and manufacturing will SOAR! Dollar is very strong relative to others.
Manufacturers are being held back by the strong Dollar, which is being propped up by the ridiculous policies of the Federal Reserve - Which has called interest rates and quantitative tightening wrong from the first days of Jay Powell!

Thank you to President Zelensky. Case over. The Do Nothing Democrats should finally go back to work!
In the 3 decades before my election, NATO spending declined by two-thirds, and only 3 other NATO members were meeting their financial obligations. Since I took office, the number of NATO allies fulfilling their obligations more than DOUBLED, and NATO spending increased by $ 130B!
Great job by of Georgia over the weekend in representing the Republican Party, and myself, against the Impeachment Hoax!
When Lisa Page, the lover of Peter Strzok, talks about being “crushed ”, and how innocent she is, ask her to read Peter’s “ Insurance Policy” text, to her, just in case Hillary loses. Also, why were the lovers text messages scrubbed after he left Mueller. Where are they Lisa?
The Republican Party has NEVER been so united! This Impeachment Scam is just a continuation of the 3 year Witch Hunt, but it is only bringing us even closer together!
Not only did I see it, I think it is fantastic. You are a wonderful artist, never give up your dream!
Thank you to Great Republican for the job he did in representing both the Republican Party and myself against Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd on Meet the Depressed!
Thank you to Congressman Ben for the Great remarks this morning on the illegitimate Impeachment Hoax. He understands the Do Nothing Democrats very well. Also, and as usual, was fantastic!
Heading to Europe to represent our Country and fight hard for the American People while the Do Nothing Democrats purposely scheduled an Impeachment Hoax hearing on the same date as NATO. Not nice!
The Do Nothing Democrats get 3 Constitutional lawyers for their Impeachment hoax ( they will need them! ), the Republicans get one. Oh, that sounds fair!
“When the law enforcers turn out to be the law breakers, then we have totally upended the rule of law. Nobody is safe and everybody is in trouble. Our system of government is under attack.”
“The Democrats don’t have any evidence, but they are still going to do it anyway. That’s the sham that’s going on here.” Chaffetz
Breaking News: The President of Ukraine has just again announced that President Trump has done nothing wrong with respect to Ukraine and our interactions or calls. If the Radical Left Democrats were sane, which they are not, it would be case over!
“The United States has outperformed the rest of the world in an eye popping fashion. I don’t think we’ve seen numbers like that.” Mohamed El-Erian, Allianz Chief Economic Adviser. But despite this there is tremendous potential for growth, far greater than most have understood!
“The American people are going to see this for what it is. It is a political effort by the Democrats, and the President certainly doesn’t have to aid in the Impeachment effort. ” Robert Ray Democrats are getting “ killed” in their home districts. 2020!
“The process has been unfair. Republicans can’t even get their own witnesses. It gets me that Adam Schiff is not punishable for lying, in any way.”
U. S. Markets are up as much as 21 % since the announcement of Tariffs on 3/1 / 2018 - and the U. S. is taking in massive amounts of money ( and giving some to our farmers, who have been targeted by China )!
Brazil and Argentina have been presiding over a massive devaluation of their currencies. which is not good for our farmers. Therefore, effective immediately, I will restore the Tariffs on all Steel & Aluminum that is shipped into the U. S. from those countries. The Federal...
... Reserve should likewise act so that countries, of which there are many, no longer take advantage of our strong dollar by further devaluing their currencies. This makes it very hard for our manufactures & farmers to fairly export their goods. Lower Rates & Loosen - Fed!
“It is clear that there is none of the bipartisan support that Speaker Pelosi said for months was essential for Impeachment.” Chris Wallace
“Trump Economy Breaks Holiday Shopping Records.”
Great writer and historian, Doug Wead, has written a true ( not Fake News ) account of what is going on in Washington and the White House. His new book, INSIDE TRUMP’S WHITE HOUSE, is an incredible description of a very exciting and successful time in our Country’s history. Buy it!
“Donald Trump was framed back in 2016.” 100 % correct, Maria, and we can never let this happen to another president again!
On World AIDS Day, The First Lady and I express our support for those living with HIV / AIDS and mourn the lives lost. We reaffirm our commitment to end the HIV / AIDS epidemic...
... in America, community by community where we will eradicate AIDS in 10 years, program already started. American leadership has proven that together we can save lives.
“Schiff’s impeachment hearings wasting time when Congress must do real work”
“Trump did nothing impeachable, day-by-day review of all impeachment hearing testimony shows”
“Sen. Tim Scott Says Trump ' Innocent, ' ' No Way ' Senate Convicts”
An incredible experience!
Nancy Pelosi won’t put it up for a vote. Has delayed it for 6 months. See you in #2020!
I will be representing our Country in London at NATO, while the Democrats are holding the most ridiculous Impeachment hearings in history. Read the Transcripts, NOTHING was done or said wrong! The Radical Left is undercutting our Country. Hearings scheduled on same dates as NATO!
Robert Johnson knows business & politics. He also understands lowest African American Unemployment in U. S. history!
And the Do Nothing Democrats want to impeach President Trump?
Thank you to and Oliver North for the nice words and thoughts in an excellent interview. Best wishes!

Just returned to the United States after spending a GREAT Thanksgiving with our Courageous American Warriors in Afghanistan!
I thought Newsweek was out of business?
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
New Stock Market Record today, AGAIN. Congratulations USA!
People now realize it is a Democrat Hoax!

GOD BLESS THE U. S. A.! #MAGA

THANK YOU FLORIDA! #KAG2020
“OMB Official: Ukraine Aid Held Up Because Other Countries Weren't Giving”

... love to have Mike Pompeo, Rick Perry, Mick Mulvaney and many others testify about the phony Impeachment Hoax. It is a Democrat Scam that is going nowhere but, future Presidents should in no way be compromised. What has happened to me should never happen to another President!
... lawyer has already stated that I did nothing wrong. John Bolton is a patriot and may know that I held back the money from Ukraine because it is considered a corrupt country, & I wanted to know why nearby European countries weren’t putting up money also. Likewise, I would...
The D. C. Wolves and Fake News Media are reading far too much into people being forced by Courts to testify before Congress. I am fighting for future Presidents and the Office of the President. Other than that, I would actually like people to testify. Don McGahn’s respected...
When the Military rips down an old & badly broken Border Wall in an important location, & replaces it with a brand new 30 ft. high Steel & Concrete Wall, Nancy Pelosi says we are not building a Wall. Wrong, and it is going up fast. Brandon Judd just gave us great marks!
I will always protect our great warfighters. I’ve got your backs!
Great job Heather!
“Poll shows Dems losing interest in Impeachment inquiry all across the board. These Polls are actually devastating to the Democrats. But the writing was on the wall. He’s done so many great things. He’s devastated ISIS & killed AlBaghdadi, building Wall.” Jason Meister

“Democrats committed to impeaching Trump for no reason.” Will backfire into big 2020 Victory for Republicans!
“DOW, NASDAQ, S & P 500 CLOSE AT RECORD HIGHS”
Another new Stock Market Record. Enjoy!
“The Democrats are getting hit and slammed on Impeachment. It is getting less and less popular by the day.”
Support for Impeachment is dropping like a rock, down into the 20’s in some Polls. Dems should now get down to work and finally approve USMCA, and much more!
“President Trump is facing a process which is unprecedented for its unfairness.” Sam Dewey
... contracting procedures were not addressed to my satisfaction. Therefore, Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer’s services have been terminated by Secretary of Defense Mark Esper. I thank Richard for his service & commitment. Eddie will retire peacefully with all of the...
... honors that he has earned, including his Trident Pin. Admiral and now Ambassador to Norway Ken Braithwaite will be nominated by me to be the new Secretary of the Navy. A man of great achievement and success, I know Ken will do an outstanding job!
I was not pleased with the way that Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher’s trial was handled by the Navy. He was treated very badly but, despite this, was completely exonerated on all major charges. I then restored Eddie’s rank. Likewise, large cost overruns from past administration’s...
Democrats going back to their Districts for Thanksgiving are getting absolutely hammered by their constituents over the phony Impeachment Scam. Republicans will have a great #2020 Election!
“The whole Russia thing was a Hoax, and the Ukraine thing is a Hoax, and the Democrats are a Joke. This is a disaster for them!” The Do Nothing Democrats are hurting our Country, and they don’t care!
The Impeachment Scam is driving Republican Poll Numbers UP, UP, UP! Thank you Shifty.
This is a great and well reseached book on Justice K. The Ruth Marcus book is a badly written & reseached disaster. So many incorrect facts. Fake News, just like the!
Witch Hunt!
But I did nothing wrong. Read the Transcripts ( 2 )!
100 % Correct!
Agnes, your great boy Ronald is looking down, very proud of you!
Exclusive: Elise Stefanik Reflects on Her Two-Week Whirlwind
The Unspoken Truth: What Impeachment Exposed About Trump and 2020
This is the real story behind the Do Nothing Democrats!
Too bad we didn’t have the G - 7 here. I offered to pick up the entire cost, would have saved at least $ 35,000, 000 for the USA. Best location. Very stupid people thought I would gain. Wrong! Looking at Camp David. Will announce soon.
Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment, especially in swing states. 75 % to 25 %. Thank you!
Nancy Pelosi, Adam Schiff, AOC and the rest of the Democrats are not getting important legislation done, hence, the Do Nothing Democrats. USMCA, National Defense Authorization Act, Gun Safety, Prescription Drug Prices, & Infrastructure are dead in the water because of the Dems!
Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher will be on this morning at 7:30 A. M. Have no fear, all will end well for everyone!
Pushed hard to have Apple build in USA!



95 % Approval Rate in the Republican Party, a record! Thank you!
Thank you Kevin for the nice words!
... Sondland said Trump told him. None of this will move the needle for anyone. And now Dems in Swing Districts head home for Thanksgiving to hear from voters. Pelosi & Co. are putting on a show to appease the Democratic base instead of doing the work ALL Americans need done. ”
... Sondland said Trump told him. None of this will move the needle for anyone. And now Dems in Swing Districts head home for Thanksgiving to hear from voters. Pelosi & Co. are putting on a show to appease the Democratic base instead if doing the work ALL Americans need done. ”
... ANY DIRECT EVIDENCE THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP DID ANYTHING IMPEACHABLE. No one heard him order a quid pro quo. No one offered a convincing reason why Trump’s interest in having Ukraine probe potential cortuption warrants Impeachment. “I want no Quid Pro Quo” Ambassador...
NEW YORK POST EDITORIAL. “ Worse Than Pointless. All those hours of televised testimony plainly failed on their announced goal: to change American’s minds. Part of the problem is that Democrats already leaked the best evidence they had. More important, NOT ONE WITNESS OFFERED...
Daniel Cameron, who just won the A. G. race in the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky, is a young and very talented political star. You will be hearing much from Cameron in the years to come!
... Brennan, too. And the Whistleblower also worked for Susan Rice. It’s an understatement to say that this is a Witch Hunt. ” They spied on my campaign!
“ The Democrats dirty tricks have started this whole thing. The Whistleblower, the guy who took his case to Schiff’s staff first, is what really blows the lid off this entire saga. He worked for Biden on Ukraine policy when Biden was VP. He worked for deep state henchman John
Daniel Cameron, who just won the A. G. race in the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky, is a young and very talented political star. You will be hearing much from Cameron in the yesrs to come!
Joe Concha, The Hill: “ In Emerson College Poll, Impeachment among independents, 49 % Oppose, 34 % Support. You see why Pelosi is reluctant to go in with this. Dems have to go home and explain why they haven’t done something on Opioid crisis, drug prices, USMCA, the Border, etc.
Adam Schiff will be compelled to testify should the Democrats decide, despite the fact that my presidential conversations were totally appropriate ( perfect ), to go forward with the Impeachment Hoax. Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment!
“The support for Impeachment is not there. I think the Democrats will have to come up with a new game plan.”

... While we had the first prescription drug price decrease in 50 years, Americans still pay far too much for drugs – other countries pay far less – that is WRONG! We will soon be putting more options on the table...
... Pelosi and her Do Nothing Democrats drug pricing bill doesn’t do the trick. FEWER cures! FEWER treatments! Time for the Democrats to get serious about bipartisan solutions to lowering prescription drug prices for families...
... House Republicans are showing real LEADERSHIP and prepared to enact bipartisan solutions for drug prices. Do Nothing Democrats are playing partisan politics with YOUR drug prices! We are READY to work together if they actually want to get something done!
. and I will soon release a plan to let Florida and other States import prescription drugs that are MUCH CHEAPER than what we have now! Hard-working Americans don’t deserve to pay such high prices for the drugs they need. We are fighting DAILY to make sure this HAPPENS...
Thank you to Mitch McConnell and Kevin McCarthy for their Great Leadership! There has never been so much unity and spirit in the Republican Party, as there is right now!
I will be interviewed on this morning at 8: 00 A. M. I know that there’s not much to talk about, but we will try to keep the conversation going. Enjoy!
“Former FBI Employee Accused of Altering FISA Documents.” Hello, here we go!
RT: SCHIFF'S " FACT " WITNESSES!


... They want ZERO transparency, thinking the world will not find out the death and tragedy that the Iranian Regime is causing!
Iran has become so unstable that the regime has shut down their entire Internet System so that the Great Iranian people cannot talk about the tremendous violence taking place within the country...
... President Trump said the Ukraine President should just do the right thing ( No Quid Pro Quo ). You shouldn’t charge, but you cannot convict, a sitting president on the basis of conflicting and ambiguous evidence, and destabilize the American Government. ” Thank you Ken!
Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel: “ Does this reach the level of treason, bribery or other high crimes and misdemeanors? My assessment of the evidence so far, NO WHERE CLOSE. The evidence is conflicting & ambiguous. Ambassador Sondland’s testimony stated that...
I have been watching people making phone calls my entire life. My hearing is, and has been, great. Never have I been watching a person making a call, which was not on speakerphone, and been able to hear or understand a conversation. I’ve even tried, but to no avail. Try it live!
Read the two Transcripts of Ukrainian calls!
RT: The Republican Party, and me, had a GREAT day yesterday with respect to the phony Impeachment Hoax, & yet, when I got …
The Navy will NOT be taking away Warfighter and Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher’s Trident Pin. This case was handled very badly from the beginning. Get back to business!
... ” Nothing gives Schiff jurisdiction over Impeachment. ”
“The new House Resolution gives Adam Schiff ( the most dishonest man in politics ) the power unilaterally to release edited transcripts. Rule 10 gives Chairman Schiff absolutely no jurisdiction. Subpoenas issued as part of Dems’ Impeachment inquiry are illegal.” Sam Dewey
... But we are winning big, and they will soon be on our turf.
Corrupt politician Adam Schiff’s lies are growing by the day. Keep fighting tough, Republicans, you are dealing with human scum who have taken Due Process and all of the Republican Party’s rights away from us during the most unfair hearings in American History...
I never in my wildest dreams thought my name would in any way be associated with the ugly word, Impeachment! The calls ( Transcripts ) were PERFECT, there was NOTHING said that was wrong. No pressure on Ukraine. Great corruption & dishonesty by Schiff on the other side!
“Freed Taliban hostages arrive in Germany.” We got them back!
... President before. What they are doing is not legal. But I ’ m clean, and when I release my financial statement ( my decision ) sometime prior to Election, it will only show one thing - that I am much richer than people even thought - And that is a good thing. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Bob Mueller, after spending two years and 45 million dollars, went over all of my financials, & my taxes, and found nothing. Now the Witch Hunt continues with local New York Democrat prosecutors going over every financial deal I have ever done. This has never happened to a...
The Republican Party, and me, had a GREAT day yesterday with respect to the phony Impeachment Hoax, & yet, when I got home to the White House & checked out the news coverage on much of television, you would have no idea they were reporting on the same event. FAKE & CORRUPT NEWS!
During my visit yesterday to Austin, Texas, for the startup of the new Mac Pro, & the discussion of a new one $ billion campus, also in Texas, I asked Tim Cook to see if he could get Apple involved in building 5G in the U. S. They have it all - Money, Technology, Vision & Cook! l
Why do & waste airtime on Democrat Rep. Eric Swalwell, who recently left the Presidential Primaries having attained a grand number of ZERO in the polls. I don’t even know how that is possible. Fox should stay with the people that got them there, not losers!

Poll: Trump leads top 2020 Democrats in Wisconsin
RT: Impeachment Witch Hunt is now OVER! Ambassador Sondland asks U. S. President ( me ): “ What do you want from Ukraine? I ke …
RT:... ” I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NO QUID PRO QUO! TELL PRESIDENT ZELENSKY TO DO THE RIGHT THING! ” Later, Am …
“All four of Gordon Sondland’s lawyers are Democrat Donors.” Despite this, big win today for Republicans!
Watch, ,. Big News!

If this were a prizefight, they ’ d stop it!
Today I opened a major Apple Manufacturing plant in Texas that will bring high paying jobs back to America. Today Nancy Pelosi closed Congress because she doesn’t care about American Workers!
RT: With every question that asks, Democrats ' sham impeachment gets weaker and weaker. Q: " You testified, ' Preside …
RT: President Obama gave Ukraine blankets. President Trump gave Ukraine missiles.
RT: President Trump: “I want NOTHING. I want no quid pro quo. I want Zelensky to do what he ran on.”
RT: Wow.: " Mr. Sondland, let's be clear: no one on this planet — not Donald Trump, Rudy Guiliani, Mick Mulvan …
RT: “All I heard about the call, is that it was a good call.” #impeachmenthearing
RT:. calls it like it is: The Ukrainians got a call from the President. The Ukrainians got a meeting with the Presi …
RT: 🚨 🚨 🚨 STORY OF THE SONDLAND HEARING 🚨 🚨 🚨 Courtesy of ➡ ️ Q: No one else on this planet told you that Donal …
I WANT NOTHING!
... ” I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NO QUID PRO QUO! TELL PRESIDENT ZELENSKY TO DO THE RIGHT THING! ” Later, Ambassador Sondland said that I told him, “Good, go tell the truth!” This Witch Hunt must end NOW. So bad for our Country!
Impeachment Witch Hunt is now OVER! Ambassador Sondland asks U. S. President ( me ): “What do you want from Ukraine? I keep hearing all these different ideas & theories. What do you want? It was a very abrupt conversation. He was not in a good mood. He ( the President ) just said,”...
RT: President delivers a statement on the sham impeachment process:
We join families of Kevin King & Tim Weeks in celebrating their release from Taliban captivity. Thanks to President Ghani for his courageous support. Let’s hope this leads to more good things on the peace front like a ceasefire that will help end this long war. Proud of my team!

Nancy Pelosi will go down as the least productive Speaker of the House in history. She is dominated by AOC Plus 3 and the Radical Left. Mexico and Canada, after waiting for 6 months to be approved, are ready to flee - and who can blame them? Too bad!
“White House Confidence Grows As Hearings Wear On.” This is just an attempted takedown of the Republican Party by the Do Nothing Democrats. It will never work. #2020
The three year Hoax continues!
True. Great job!
Read the transcripts!
Thank you Tennessee!
Congressman Van Drew ( D-NJ ): We’ve spent millions of Dollars, in my opinion, tons of money, tons of time, tons of hurt, fracturing the Nation apart. I haven’t seen this to be a good thing. ”
RT: A new poll has Independents opposing the impeachment of President 10 % more. This is not working with th …
A great day for Republicans, a great day for our Country!
I agree, but in the end we will win and save our Country from certain destruction!
RT: This is what was asked today. Was there a bribe? No. Did anybody ask you to bribe anyone? No. Was there extortion? No. T …


NASDAQ UP 27 % THIS YEAR ALONE!
Nancy Pelosi just stated that “it is dangerous to let the voters decide Trump’s fate. ” In other words, she thinks I’ m going to win and doesn’t want to take a chance on letting the voters decide. Like Al Green, she wants to change our voting system. Wow, she’s CRAZY!
The Do Nothing Democrats have disgraced our great Country!
At my meeting with Jay Powell this morning, I protested fact that our Fed Rate is set too high relative to the interest rates of other competitor countries. In fact, our rates should be lower than all others ( we are the U. S. ). Too strong a Dollar hurting manufacturers & growth!
Mark Levin speaking one week after I took office. This was always a planned COUP and the Radical Left Democrats will suffer at the polls in 2020!
GREAT NEWS! #MAGA #KAG
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG

“Congressman Van Drew ( D-NJ ) SLAMS Democrats for ‘ fracturing the Nation ’ with Impeachment probe. ‘ We already know how it’s going to end.”
Just finished a very good & cordial meeting at the White House with Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve. Everything was discussed including interest rates, negative interest, low inflation, easing, Dollar strength & its effect on manufacturing, trade with China, E. U. & others, etc.
Just finished a very good & cordial meeting at the White House with Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve. Everything was discused including interest rates, negative interest, low inflation, easing, Dollar strength & its effect on manufacturing, trade with China, E. U. & others, etc.
... that I testify about the phony Impeachment Witch Hunt. She also said I could do it in writing. Even though I did nothing wrong, and don’t like giving credibility to this No Due Process Hoax, I like the idea & will, in order to get Congress focused again, strongly consider it!
Our Crazy, Do Nothing ( where’s USMCA, infrastructure, lower drug pricing & much more? ) Speaker of the House, Nervous Nancy Pelosi, who is petrified by her Radical Left knowing she will soon be gone ( they & Fake News Media are her BOSS ), suggested on Sunday’s DEFACE THE NATION...
Never has the Republican Party been so united as it is now. 95 % A. R. This is a great fraud being played out against the American people by the Fake News Media & their partner, the Do Nothing Democrats. The rules are rigged by Pelosi & Schiff, but we are winning, and we will win!
RT: Schiff controls who testifies. Schiff controls how Republicans use our question time. Schiff controls what gets release …

“All they do is bring up witnesses who didn’t witness anything.” Nothing matters except the two transcripts of the presidential calls, and the statement of no pressure put out by Ukraine!
“The Impeachment started before he even became President.”


Where is the Fake Whistleblower?

Republicans & others must remember, the Ukrainian President and Foreign Minister both said that there was no pressure placed on them whatsoever. Also, they didn’t even know the money wasn’t paid, and got the money with no conditions. But why isn’t Germany, France ( Europe ) paying?
The Crazed, Do Nothing Democrats are turning Impeachment into a routine partisan weapon. That is very bad for our Country, and not what the Founders had in mind!!!
Tell Jennifer Williams, whoever that is, to read BOTH transcripts of the presidential calls, & see the just released ststement from Ukraine. Then she should meet with the other Never Trumpers, who I don’t know & mostly never even heard of, & work out a better presidential attack!

Paul Krugman of has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Anyone who has followed his “words of wisdom” has lost a great deal of money. Paul, just concede the game, say I was right, and lets start a brand new game!
Schiff is a Corrupt Politician!
. blew the nasty & obnoxious Chris Wallace ( will never be his father, Mike! ) away on Chris’s lowest rated ( unless I ’ m on ) morning show. This kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the past. Great job Steve!
. blew the nasty & obnoxious Chris Wallace ( will never be his father, Mike! ) away on Chris’s lowest rated ( unless I ’ m on ) morning show. This kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the past. Great job Steve!
Thanks Eric!
RT: I hope no one who serves our country and volunteers to do the unthinkable is ever treated like this again! Great job …
RT: Trump Washington D. C!



Paul Krugman has called me wrong from day one. People at the Failing New York Times are very angry at him for having “missed” by sooo much. Paul, match over!

RT: Adam Schiff’s track record: ✔ ️ Spread false allegations about collusion ✔ ️ Fabricated a call transcript during a congressiona …

RT: This. This is the impeachment that Democrats have spent the last three years working on. ↓ Hours of hearsay from handpicke …


RT: Coming soon... A new #HeresTheTruth with debunking Pelosi’s drug pricing scheme.
RT:
RT:
RT:
I agree Katrina, Pam Bondi is a great woman!
RT: 📺 WATCH: Schiff's #impeachment sham is at it again. This time, he refuses to let speak ( again ). This circ …
The Do Nothing Dems are now doing even less - and sooo much work to be done!
Joe Ricketts, one of our Country’s most successful businessmen, including being the owner of the Chicago Cubs, has just written a great new book, THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET. So true! Much can be learned from Joe. Go get the book!
A BIG difference!
Our great Farmers will recieve another major round of “cash,” compliments of China Tariffs, prior to Thanksgiving. The smaller farms and farmers will be big beneficiaries. In the meantime, and as you may have noticed, China is starting to buy big again. Japan deal DONE. Enjoy!
. has a GREAT show going on right now, 10:00 A. M. Fantastic guests talk about the Fake Impeachment!
Mr. Chairman, Joe Biden may be Sleepy and Very Slow, but he is not a “rabid dog.” He is actually somewhat better than that, but I am the only one who can get you where you have to be. You should act quickly, get the deal done. See you soon!
Dowd never understood the pulse of the Republican Party, present or past. He’s just a 3rd rate hit job for Fake News!
A new Republican Star is born. Great going!
Thank you Pete. Our great warfighters must be allowed to fight. I would not have done this for Sgt. Bergdahl or Chelsea Manning!
I agree Katrina, Pam Bondi is a great womem!
Visited a great family of a young man under major surgery at the amazing Walter Reed Medical Center. Those are truly some of the best doctors anywhere in the world. Also began phase one of my yearly physical. Everything very good ( great! ). Will complete next year.



Louisiana, 3 hours left, get out and Vote for for Governor. Lower taxes and much more!
RT: 🚨 8 HOURS UNTIL THE POLLS CLOSE 🚨 1. Go to 2. Find your polling information. 3. Get out and vote …
True!
Congratulations Kimberley. Great book!
“I mean, come on. The Democrats are doing focus groups to try and figure out what words to use to move the needle. The Democrats know this is political and they’re just trying to drag Trump’s name into the mud!” Lisa Booth Thank you Lisa!
“Triggered,” a great book by my son, Don. Now number one on LIST. Keep it there for a while!
... and Taylor, dismissing everybody involved from the Obama holdover days trying to undermine Trump, getting rid of those people, dismissing them, this is what it looks like. It was never going to be claen, they were never going to sit by idly and just let Trump do this! ” Rush L
“ My support for Donald Trump has never been greater than it is right now. It is paramountly obvious watching this, these people have to go. You elected Donald Trump to drain the Swamp, well, dismissing people like Yovanovitch is what that looks like. Dismissing people like Kent..
Dow hits 28,000 - FIRST TIME EVER, HIGHEST EVER! Gee, Pelosi & Schitt have a good idea, “lets Impeach the President.” If something like that ever happened, it would lead to the biggest FALL in Market History. It’s called a Depression, not a Recession! So much for 401 - K’s & Jobs!
LOUISIANA, VOTE TODAY! He will be a great governor!
Good morning Louisiana! Polls are open at 7AM. Get out and VOTE for to be your next Gov! He will get your taxes and auto insurance ( highest in Country! ) way down. Loves our Military & Vets. Will protect your 2A. Find your polling place below:
RT: Big day in LOUISIANA tomorrow! Get out and VOTE to replace Radical Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new …

THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG

... A double standard like never seen before in the history of our Country?
So they now convict Roger Stone of lying and want to jail him for many years to come. Well, what about Crooked Hillary, Comey, Strzok, Page, McCabe, Brennan, Clapper, Shifty Schiff, Ohr & Nellie, Steele & all of the others, including even Mueller himself? Didn’t they lie?...
Stock Market up big. New and Historic Record. Job, jobs, jobs!
We have vacancies in various departments because we do not want or need as many people as past administrations ( and save great cost ), and also, the Democrats delay the approval process to levels unprecedented in the history of our Country!



Another Record Stock Market, 21 times this year, despite an ongoing, & totally unfounded, Witch Hunt, & a Democrat Party that would love to see a nice, big, juicy recession. In actuality, the potential for the United States is unlimited. We will power through the Do Nothing Dems!
... They call it “serving at the pleasure of the President.” The U. S. now has a very strong and powerful foreign policy, much different than proceeding administrations. It is called, quite simply, America First! With all of that, however, I have done FAR more for Ukraine than O.
Everywhere Marie Yovanovitch went turned bad. She started off in Somalia, how did that go? Then fast forward to Ukraine, where the new Ukrainian President spoke unfavorably about her in my second phone call with him. It is a U. S. President’s absolute right to appoint ambassadors.
... filth pouring into the Pacific Ocean is rapidly becoming an environmental hazard, is getting NOTHING DONE. She is a Do Nothing Democrat as Speaker, and will hopefully not be in that position very long. Approve USMCA, which has been sitting on her desk for months!
The Impeachment Witch Hunt should be over with the statement made last night by the President and Foreign Minister of Ukraine. Nervous Nancy Pelosi, who should be home cleaning up the dangerous & disgusting Slum she is making of her District in San Francisco, where even the...
... Ambassador Sondland did not tell us, and certainly did not tell me, about a connection between the assistance and the investigation. ” THE FAKE IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY IS NOW DEAD!
Democrats must apologize to USA: Ukrainian Foreign Minister Vadym Prystaiko said that “ United States Ambassador Gordon Sondland did NOT link financial military assistance to a request for Ukraine to open up an investigation into former V. P. Joe Biden & his son, Hunter Biden...
RT: This Saturday, the eyes of history are looking at the people of Louisiana. If you want to defend your values, your job …
This Saturday, the eyes of history are looking at the people of Louisiana. If you want to defend your values, your jobs, and your freedom, then you need to REPLACE Radical Liberal John Bel Edwards with a true Louisiana Patriot:! #GeauxVote
RT:
RT: Great news for, , and poultry farmers across the country! Thank you, …
RT: TODAY the Ukrainian Foreign Minister, Vadym Prystaiko, verified what we already knew: “ I have never seen a direct relation …
RT: Calls & meetings: 7/25 — Call between and Zelensky 7/26 — Volker & Taylor meet Zelensky 8/ 27 — John Bolton meets Zelensky …
RT: “Adam Schiff is wasting the nation's time with impeachment hearings”
Getting ready to land in Louisiana to do Rally with Great Republican for Governor. He will get your taxes and auto insurance ( highest in Country! ) way down. Loves our Military & Vets. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. VOTE SATURDAY!
... We send our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those tragically lost, and we pray for the speedy recovery of the wounded.
We continue to monitor the terrible events at Saugus High School in Santa Clarita, California through our ongoing communications with Local, State, and Federal Authorities...
Where’s the Fake Whistleblower?
... that the House Democrats have done since she’s become Speaker, other than chase Donald Trump. ” This Impeachment Hoax is such a bad precedent and sooo bad for our Country!
... anywhere, so we’ve now had 3 years of the Democrats chasing Donald Trump. Nancy Pelosi’s worried about the American voter looking for someone to blame for that eventually. Look at her own story in the House. What have they done? The average American can’t identify anything...
. WSJ: Nancy Pelosi had it right the first time when she did not want to go down the Impeachment path. Make it a voting issue. But no, the Left insisted on raising this to the gravity of a constitutional crisis & Impeachment. The hearings suggested it’s not going...
“That hearing was about a policy dispute. ” Robert Ray. “ Regular people watching this cannot conclude that the President of the United States can be impeached.”
“Neither one of the Democrat star witnesses at the Impeachment hearings could point out an impeachable offense. That’s the result!”
Walmart announces great numbers. No impact from Tariffs ( which are contributing $ Billions to our Treasury ). Inflation low ( do you hear that Powell? )!
Hit New Stock Market record again yesterday, the 20th time this year, with GREAT potential for the future. USA is where the action is. Companies and jobs are coming back like never before!
. asked the two “star ” witnesses, “ where is the impeachable event in that call?” Both stared straight ahead with a blank look on their face, remained silent, & were unable to answer the question. That would be the end of a case run by normal people! - but not Shifty!
RT: Brilliant job by my colleagues today on the Intel Committee. They clearly highlighted the gaping holes in the Democrats …
RT: A live look into Ambassador Taylor’s testimony in the Schiff impeachment proceedings →
RT: President: They’re using television lawyers. I ’ m not surprised to see it, Schiff can't ask his own question …
RT: President gave an update on relations with Turkey at the top of his meeting with President Erdogan.
RT: President on the Democrat's hearing while he was meeting with the leader of Turkey: " I would much rather fo …
RT: This was a hearsay hearing. These witnesses have never met President and they were not on the call. #Fo …
RT: President on today's sham hearing:
RT: IF The Ukrainian President was bribed by President, He didn’t know he was being bribed, he didn’t say h …
RT: If House Democrats were as committed to helping Americans succeed under President as they are to tearing h …
Wow! Was just told that my son’s book, “Triggered,” is Number One on The New York Times Bestseller List. Congratulations Don!
RT: After the call - Ambassador Taylor met with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky the VERY NEXT DAY! President Zelensky sa …
RT: Mr. Kent affirmed Ukraine has a long-standing history of corruption. And President Trump was deeply skeptical of this cor …
RT:
RT: Moments ago...
RT:
RT: #ImpeachmentSHAM #SchiffShow
RT: WOW! SOOO SAD!! Shifty Schiff cuts off for wanting to enter the actual transcript of the July 25th call betwe …
RT: Aid was delayed by just 55 days. During that time, we verified that President Zelensky was the real deal.
RT: Great question by. No answer given. #ImpeachmentSham
RT:.: “ Welcome to year 4 of the ongoing Impeachment of President... If your Impeachment case …
RT: “ We’ve got six people having four conversations in one sentence - and you just told me this is where you got your clear unde …
RT: “This was an abject failure for the Democrats and for Adam Schiff.”
Thank you. It is a time of “shame” for our Country. The Democrats know what they are doing is wrong!
RT: " What I can do here for you today is tell you what I heard from people. " The Dems ' star witness just said he had no firs …
RT: Listen to review the unbelievable amount of hearsay these allegations are based on. Spread it far and wide. …
RT: • No first-hand knowledge. • Never spoke to President Trump. • Never spoke to Rudy Giuliani. • Never spoke to Mick Mulvan …
RT: Days since learned the identity of the whistleblower: 93
RT: It’s NOT about the facts... It’s NOT about fairness... It’s NOT about finding the truth for the American people... For Hou …
RT: 📺 WATCH: Democrats ask star witness about alleged quid pro quo. Star witness admits he has no first-hand knowledge of t …
RT:. is the ONLY member of Congress who knows the identity of the “Whistleblower” who started this entire sham. …
RT: Their star witness knows nothing. #ImpeachmentHearings
RT: WATCH: changes the rules in the middle of his #impeachment hearing. We're not surprised. Schiff's impea …
RT: Under Majority, the hearing room was used to improve the lives of Americans with things like …
RT: Today, hijacked our hearing room for their political impeachment circus. Their obsession …
RT: Schiff has emerged from his bunker to put on a public show. But the facts haven't changed. - and Zelen …
RT: Meet the “star witnesses” Adam Schiff called today: - Neither have any firsthand knowledge - Neither spoke to …
RT: If Schiff doesn't know who the " whistleblower " is - - how can he protect his identity. Cover-up!
RT: Schiff isn’t even trying to hide it. He is the prosecutor, judge, jury, witness coach & lead story teller of this kangaro …
RT: " They're trying to stop me, because I'm fighting for you. And I'll never let that happen. " — President htt …
RT:. to Chairman Schiff: " Of the 435 members of Congress, you are the only Member who knows who the whistleblower is …
RT: WATCH:: " After vowing publicly that impeachment requires bipartisan support, Democrats are pushing impeachment …
RT: Adam Schiff just claimed he doesn't know the whistleblower's identity. He deliberately mislead the public about his office's …
RT: FACT CHECK: Neither Ambassador Taylor nor George Kent have first-hand knowledge of a quid pro quo from the President. W …
RT: Reminder: the Chairman was caught misleading a reporter about communication with the whistleblower, barely four weeks a …
RT: This 👏 is 👏 a 👏 sham 👏 → Democrats are refusing access to important witnesses. → The President's legal counsel is not allowe …
RT: Just minutes after President Trump took his oath of office on Inauguration Day 2017, the Washington Post ran a piece ushe …
RT: Today, America will see one party try and overturn the constitutional election of a president of the United States of Amer …
RT: 4 inconvenient facts for the Democrat impeachment fantasy: - Call transcript shows zero link between aid and political …
RT:. ' s sham #impeachment hearings begin today. But make no mistake, Democrats have been out to get the Presi …
RT: New hoax. Same swamp.
READ THE TRANSCRIPT!
NEVER TRUMPERS!
... any laws or did anything wrong, and they have to move away from quid pro quo because there was no quid, and there was no quo. Ukraine got it’s money ( 3 weeks early ), and there was no investigation. ”
... the most powerful tool the legislative branch has, Impeachment, & they’ve turned it into a political cudgel, which is not at all what the Founders intended. When you hear Schiff use all these words like quid pro quo, it is because they can’t specify that Donald Trump broke..
“ Nancy Pelosi cares more about power than she does about principle. She did not want to go down this road. She realizes this is a huge loser for Democrats. The Founders envisioned the worst people being in politics, yet they couldn’t envision this. You have these people taking...
The Democrats have stacked the deck against President Trump and the Republicans. They have leaked out everything.
“Millions of Americans will see what a partisan sham this whole thing is.” Rush Limbaugh Also, why is corrupt politician Schiff allowed to hand over cross examination to a high priced outside lawyer. Did that lawyer ever work for me, which would be a conflict?
... This is a phony showtrial. There is zero due process, none. It is yet another fraudulent hoax conspiracy theory. It is another Witch Hunt. This is what the Socialist Doemocrat Party has become. There’s not one thing the Democrats have done in the past 3 years except try...
... to hurt Donald Trump and we, the people that support him. The Left has never accepted the results of the 2016 Election. They never saw this coming. This is not just about President Trump. They hate everyone he is representing. ” Sean the amazing warrior!
“ The circus is coming to town. The corrupt, compromised, coward & congenital liar Adam Schiff Show on Capital Hill, brought to you by his raging psychotic Democrats & the top allies in the Media Mob. Everything you’re going to see in the next two weeks is rigged...
“This ridiculous Impeachment is a travesty, it’s not an inquiry. Just read the transcript.”
DACA recipients with arrest records: 53,792! That is a very large proportion of the total. Not good, but we will be able to make a deal with the Dems!
A total Impeachment Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats!
Many of the people in DACA, no longer very young, are far from “angels.” Some are very tough, hardened criminals. President Obama said he had no legal right to sign order, but would anyway. If Supreme Court remedies with overturn, a deal will be made with Dems for them to stay!
Economy is BOOMING. Seems set to have yet another record day!
I will be releasing the transcript of the first, and therefore more important, phone call with the Ukrainian President before week’s end!
... ” no pressure ” put on him to investigate Sleepy Joe Biden even though, as President, I have an “obligation” to look into corruption, and Biden’s actions, on tape, about firing the prosecutor, and his son’s taking millions of dollars, with no knowledge or talent, from a...
... Ukrainian energy company, and more millions taken from China, and now reports of other companies and countries also giving him big money, are certainly looking very corrupt ( to put it mildly! ) to me. Both Bidens should be forced to testify in this No Due Process Scam!
Why is such a focus put on 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses, many of whom are Never Trumpers, or whose lawyers are Never Trumpers, when all you have to do is read the phone call ( transcript ) with the Ukrainian President and see first hand? He and others also stated that there was...
A great try by. We are all proud of you!
Vote for Sean Spicer on Dancing with the Stars. He is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard. He is in the quarterfinals - all the way with Sean! #MAGA #KAG
“This isn’t about Ukraine. This isn’t about Impeachment. This is about subverting Democracy!” So true, and led by angry and dishonest people who hate themselves, and must hate our Country!
... want that to be an impeachable offense? Good luck with that! ”
“ The President has until September 30th to give this aid to Ukraine. He gets it out on September 11th., 3 weeks before the deadline. So, we give our ally aid, and Joe Biden is not investigated. Remember that, they get the aid and we get nothing in return. The Democrats...
Schiff and the Dems have created this whole thing, they reverse engineer it. They’ve been vowing to impeach for three years. Why should we listen to them? Why should we want to? ”
In order to continue being the most Transparent President in history, I will be releasing sometime this week the Transcript of the first, and therefore most important, phone call I had with the President of Ukraine. I am sure you will find it tantalizing!
Just like Schiff fabricated my phone call, he will fabricate the transcripts that he is making and releasing!
Schiff is giving Republicans NO WITNESSES, NO LAWYER & NO DUE PROCESS! It is a totally one sided Witch Hunt. This can’t be making the Democrats look good. Such a farce!
Read the Transcript. It is PERFECT!
To think I signed the Whistleblower Protection Act!
Where is the Whistleblower who gave so much false information? Must testify along with Schiff and others!
Today, we come together as one Nation to salute the Veterans of the United States Armed Forces – the greatest warriors ever to walk on the face of the Earth. Our Veterans risked everything for us. Now, it is our duty to serve and protect THEM every day of our lives!
“The Chinese say ( about Trump’s Trade War & Tariffs ), ‘ he brought us to the table. ’ This is the most prosperous economy the world has ever seen, and it’s going to be a very prosperous economy.” Jamie Dimon on Thank you President Trump & the Republican Party!
Shifty Adam Schiff will only release doctored transcripts. We haven’t even seen the documents and are restricted from ( get this ) having a lawyer. Republicans should put out their own transcripts! Schiff must testify as to why he MADE UP a statement from me, and read it to all!
The lawyer for the Whistleblower takes away all credibility from this big Impeachment Scam! It should be ended and the Whistleblower, his lawyer and Corrupt politician Schiff should be investigared for fraud!
So with one Rally by me at the end of the campaign, I lift the poll numbers of Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin by 19 points, he just misses, every other Republican in the Commonwealth wins big, and the Fake News blames me for a bad night! OK! By the way, Mississippi won everything!
Will be meeting with representatives of the Vaping industry, together with medical professionals and individual state representatives, to come up with an acceptable solution to the Vaping and E-cigarette dilemma. Children’s health & safety, together with jobs, will be a focus!
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!


A great new book just out, “The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunes Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U. S. History.” Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out!
If Iran is able to turn over to the U. S. kidnapped former FBI Agent Robert A. Levinson, who has been missing in Iran for 12 years, it would be a very positive step. At the same time, upon information & belief, Iran is, & has been, enriching uranium. THAT WOULD BE A VERY BAD STEP!



. is out with a new book, “With All Due Respect” this week. Make sure you order your copy today, or stop by one of her book tour stops to get a copy and say hello. Good luck Nikki!
The call to the Ukrainian President was PERFECT. Read the Transcript! There was NOTHING said that was in any way wrong. Republicans, don’t be led into the fools trap of saying it was not perfect, but is not impeachable. No, it is much stronger than that. NOTHING WAS DONE WRONG!
“There’s nothing there! I ’ m trying to let the House know that they’re dividing America for no good reason. We’ve got a lot of things we should be doing, like lowering drug costs & getting a trade deal with Mexico and Canada.” The Do Nothing Dems have gone crazy!
Corrupt politician Adam Schiff wants people from the White House to testify in his and Pelosi’s disgraceful Witch Hunt, yet he will not allow a White House lawyer, nor will he allow ANY of our requested witnesses. This is a first in due process and Congressional history!
ABC is as bad as the rest of them. Journalistic standards are nonexistent today. The press is so dishonest that we no longer have Freedom of the Press!
Make America Great Again!
RT: Just finished reading my son Donald’s just out new book, “Triggered.” It is really good! He, along with many of us, wa …
Such an amazing game & place!

“He is not a Whistleblower. He is a deepstater. Let the President do the job he was elected to do.”
Such GREAT people!
Great!
Thank you Andrew. Meadow was watching and is so proud of her great father and family!
Thank you Terrence!
But the Fake News will never show this. Thank you!
RT: Alabama loves President. This is what the fake news media won’t show you. #MAGA 🇺 🇸
Thank you to LSU and Alabama for a great game!
Totally!
RT: We learn from the press today that Chm Schiff had prior knowledge and involvement in the WB complaint. He withheld this …
RT: " The person who planted fake evidence shouldn't be the one ruling on the admissibility of fake evidence, " Ratcliffe sai …
RT: 👇 🏻 smart guy
RT: GOP TX Rep Ratcliffe to Taylor: And to your knowledge, nobody in the Ukrainian Government was aware of the hold? Taylor: T …
A terrible lie. How can she do such a thing?
Thank you Lee and David!
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! #MAGA #KAG2020
... Whatever happened to the so-called “informer” to Whistleblower # 1? Seems to have disappeared after I released the Transcript of the call. Shouldn’t he be on the list to testify? Witch Hunt!
I recommend that Nervous Nancy Pelosi ( who backed up Schiff’s lie ), Shifty Adam Schiff, Sleepy Joe Biden, the Whistleblower ( who miraculously disappeared after I released the transcript of the call ), the 2nd Whistleblower ( who also disappeared ), & the I. G., be part of the list!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
But the Witch Hunt continues. After 3 years of relentless attacks against the Republican Party & me, the Do Nothing Dems are losers for America!
Bringing the word “Nationalism” back into the mainstream - great job by Rich Lowry! Very important book.
Just finished reading my son Donald’s just out new book, “Triggered.” It is really good! He, along with many of us, was very unfairly treated. But we all fight back, and we always win!
RT: As we reflect this week on the horrific 9/11 attack, it’s important to remember how far we’ve come in combatting radical …
RT: “#Coup has started. ” Those were the words of the so-called “ whistleblower’s” attorney, TWO-AND-A-HALF YEARS before the cal …
RT: STU: " As we start the new week, look beneath the #impeachment headlines, and you'll see a full #employment economy that's muc …
RT: STU: " Voters everywhere have been rejecting costly climate dreams! " #NaturalGas #ClimateChange #Fracking #MyTake #VarneyCo ht …
RT: STU: " Look what we have now! A growing #economy, full #employment, rapidly rising #wages, #stockmarket record highs! How do y …
RT: STU: " The #democrats know they can't remove from office but they'll go ahead with the #impeachment process …
We will win big!
True!
RT: STU: " The #democrats are losing on policy, losing on prosperity, and their socialist front runners are being attacked by thei …
RT: All three major equity indices finished higher and at new all-time highs all while there are $ 360 billion in tariffs current o …
RT: Volker confirmed to me during his interview that in no way, shape or form was there any quid pro quo whatsoever.
RT: VP Pence traveled to Warsaw to communicate 2 points to Zelensky on 9/1 at POTUS ' direction. Here Taylor agrees w / me that …
RT: This " evidence " would be thrown out of court so quickly for all of the right reasons. Here Taylor concedes to me that his …
RT: The Dems / media are desperately relying on Taylor as their star witness to show there was an impeachable offense of quid p …
RT: The George Kent transcript was just released & once again there’s ZERO 1st hand info of US $ to Ukraine being linked to s …
RT: Zeldin to Kent: Do you have any firsthand knowledge of United States aid to Ukraine ever being connected to the opening of …
RT: It appears Ambassador Yovanovitch did not accurately answer this question I asked her during her “impeachment inquiry” de …
RT: 24 yrs ago today, the Jerusalem Embassy Act became law. It recognized Jerusalem as the undivided capital of Israel & requi …
RT: Here's Rush Limbaugh weighing in on some of my deposition exchanges with Bill Taylor from Taylor’s transcript just releas …
RT: Real Cracker Jack reporting here. What actually happened in the room is Adam Schiff made up a new rule that day that NOTH …
RT: A total and complete circus! Just petty politicians trying to undo ' s victory. Now, if only the ringl …
RT: There are probably a myriad of additional reasons that Democrats have been focusing on impeachment, but none of them is …
RT: On Thursday, 11/7 / 2019, the President signed into law: S. 693, the “National POW / MIA Flag Act,” which honors service member …
RT: Jesse Watters nails Joe Bite Me and John Kerry in one Monologue #TheFive
RT: Fox News’ Jesse Watters: Impeachment ‘Boring’So Far, ‘ Not a Sexy Scandal,’ Americans Don’t Care About Ukraine
RT: TOMORROW: I hit the streets for another epic Man On The Street Interview. What does Americans know about Veterans Day? D …
RT: I will be announcing the winners of the #MAGACHALLENGE and inviting them to the to meet with me and perfor …
Good luck Vince, this will be great!
RT:
RT: An impactful day in Morocco, where we furthered all 3 pillars of #WGDP 🇺 🇸 🇲 🇦 ⬇ ️ 💫 Women Prospering in the Workforce 💫 Women …
Fake News is reporting that I am talking to Mark Burnett about doing a big show, perhaps The Apprentice, after the presidency, which I would assume they mean in 5 years. This is not true, never had such a conversation, don’t even have time to think about it. False reporting!
RT: THANK YOU! #MAGA
“Mark Levin blasts Adam Schiff, claims ' the law is on the president's side ' on Ukraine”
RT: Democrats are so obsessed with impeaching President Trump that they're doing nothing to fix real problems Americans care a …
RT: Nadler says he is only concerned about the “appearance of an open mind,” admitting this impeachment process is pre-bake …
RT: The “Whistleblower’s ” lawyer called for a “ coup” almost as soon as President Trump took office. All the more reason why we …
RT: Republicans only have til Saturday to request witnesses for ALL open hearings. - decides WHICH witnesses tes …
RT: " Democrats want to invest in green global projects. I want to invest in Black American communities. " - # …
RT: " We created 9,000 opportunity zones... 8 million African-Americans live in opportunity zones, yet every Democrat voted aga …
RT: As the Black Voices for Trump coalition launches TODAY in Atlanta, remember that with as President: Over 1.2 mi …
I will be announcing the winners of the #MAGACHALLENGE and inviting them to the to meet with me and perform. Good luck!

STATEMENT FROM PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP
Stock Market up big today. A New Record. Enjoy!
The Radical Left Dems and LameStream Media are just trying to make it hard for Republicans and me to win in 2020. The new Impeachment Hoax is already turning against them!
The Amazon Washington Post and three lowlife reporters, Matt Zapotosky, Josh Dawsey, and Carol Leonnig, wrote another Fake News story, without any sources ( pure fiction ), about Bill Barr & myself. We both deny this story, which they knew before they wrote it. A garbage newspaper!
THANK YOU! #MAGA
It was just explained to me that for next weeks Fake Hearing ( trial ) in the House, as they interview Never Trumpers and others, I get NO LAWYER & NO DUE PROCESS. It is a Pelosi, Schiff, Scam against the Republican Party and me. This Witch Hunt should not be allowed to proceed!
“What did Hunter Biden do for the money?” A very good question. He and Sleepy Joe must testify!
Based on the information released last night about the Fake Whistleblowers attorney, the Impeachment Hoax should be ended IMMEDIATELY! There is no case, except against the other side!
Read the Transcript!
The degenerate Washington Post MADE UP the story about me asking Bill Barr to hold a news conference. Never happened, and there were no sources!
Bill Barr did not decline my request to talk about Ukraine. The story was a Fake Washington Post con job with an “anonymous” source that doesn’t exist. Just read the Transcript. The Justice Department already ruled that the call was good. We don’t have freedom of the press!
Just returned to the after a great evening in Monroe, Louisiana with a massive turnout of Great American Patriots. With early voting underway until Sat, find your polling location below & go vote for your next #LAgov,! #GeauxVote ➡ ️
RT: There were two VERY different events in Monroe today... #GeauxVote #FireJBE #LAgov #LeadRight #KAG #MAGA #StopTheCoup #TeamTrum …
RT: Check out the overflow crowd for tonight’s #TrumpRally in Monroe, Louisiana! Early voting is underway! Don’t forget to get …
... The LameStream Media, which is The Enemy of the People, is working overtime with made up stories in order to drive dissension and distrust!
The story in the Amazon Washington Post, of course picked up by Fake News CNN, saying “President Trump asked for AG Barr to host a news conference clearing him on Ukraine,” is totally untrue and just another FAKE NEWS story with anonymous sources that don’t exist...
Years ago, when Media was legitimate, people known as “Fact Checkers ” would always call to check and see if a story was accurate. Nowadays they don’t use “ Fact Checkers” anymore, they just write whatever they want!
LOUISIANA! Early voting is underway until Saturday, it’s time to get out and VOTE to REPLACE Radical Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor,! #GeauxVote POLL FINDER:
RT: The Alabama SGA warns groups: Protest Trump during the LSU game and risk losing your reserved seating.

A great evening last night in Kentucky and Mississippi for the Republican Party with 13 BIG WINS, including a Governorship in Mississippi. Congratulations to everyone!
RT: Here’s Ambassador Taylor testifying that Ukraine was not aware of a hold on military aid until the end of August, over …
RT: Stock Markets ( all three ) hit another ALL TIME & HISTORIC HIGH yesterday! You are sooo lucky to have me as your Presid …
Thanks to many of you here today, my Administration and Republicans in Congress have now confirmed 157 FEDERAL JUDGES who will uphold our Constitution AS WRITTEN, a profoundly historic milestone and a truly momentous achievement!
Just had a very good call with President of Turkey. He informed me that they have captured numerous ISIS fighters that were reported to have escaped during the conflict – including a wife and sister of terrorist killer al Baghdadi ….
... Also talked about their Border with Syria, the eradication of terrorism, the ending of hostilities with the Kurds, and many other topics. Look forward to seeing President Erdogan next Wednesday, November 13th at the!
Just had a meeting with top representatives from Egypt, Ethiopia, and Sudan to help solve their long running dispute on the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam, one of the largest in the world, currently being built. The meeting went well and discussions will continue during the day!
Stock Markets ( all three ) hit another ALL TIME & HISTORIC HIGH yesterday! You are sooo lucky to have me as your President ( just kidding! ). Spend your money well!
Thank you to Kurt Volker, U. S. Envoy to Ukraine, who said in his Congressional Testimony, just released, “You asked what conversations did I have about that quid pro quo, et cetra. NONE, because I didn’t know there was a quid pro quo.” Witch Hunt!
“Based on the things I’ve seen, the Democrats have no case, or a weak case, at best. I don’t think there are, or will be, well founded articles of Impeachment here.” Robert Wray, respected former prosecutor. It is a phony scam by the Do Nothing Dems!
Based on the Kentucky results, Mitch McConnell will win BIG in Kentucky next year!
RT: No one energizes our base like. In Kentucky, the governor was down 17 points. President Trump helped …
Great going Tate!
Our big Kentucky Rally on Monday night had a massive impact on all of the races. The increase in Governors race was at least 15 points, and maybe 20! Will be in Louisiana for on Wednesday night. Big Rally!
A lot of winning in Kentucky. Check out the numbers.
Congratulations to on winning Governor of the Great State of Mississippi. Our big Rally on Friday night moved the numbers from a tie to a big WIN. Great reaction under pressure Tate!
#ElectionNight Won 5 out of 6 elections in Kentucky, including 5 great candidates that I spoke for and introduced last night. picked up at least 15 points in last days, but perhaps not enough ( Fake News will blame Trump! ). Winning in Mississippi Governor race!
RT: Florida county commission cites Trump in denying library New York Times subscription
RT: “Why the heck would we spend money on something like that?”
RT: Florida county denies library subscriptions to the New York Times because it's ' fake news '
RT: Officials in Citrus County, Fla., deny public library's request for digital New York Times subscription, citing Pres. T …
Great going Daniel, proud of you!
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
KENTUCKY! #KYGov Get out today and VOTE for and the entire Republican ticket! MISSISSIPPI! #MSGov Get out today and VOTE for and the entire Republican ticket! Polls are open for a few more hours, find your location below!
Thank you so much CLUB 45. You are truly Great Americans. See you in Florida!
RT: Club 45 on NBC Today Show. Showing our strong support for the President!
KENTUCKY! Get out today and VOTE for and the entire Republican ticket! MISSISSIPPI! Get out today and VOTE for and the entire Republican ticket! #VoteOnNov5 #ElectionDay Find your polling location below!
RT: If you want to defeat the radical left and #KeepAmericaGreat, then GET OUT AND VOTE today! So many strong conservative …
A very good start! Please all work hard to get a final deal.
So sad to see what is happening in New York where Governor Cuomo & Mayor DeBlasio are letting out 900 Criminals, some hardened & bad, onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining, because of them, city. The Radical Left Dems are killing our cities. NYPD Commissioner is resigning!
FIND YOUR POLLING LOCATION HERE!
So sad to see what is happening in New York where Governor Cuomo and Mayor DeBlasio are letting out 900 Criminals, some hardened and bad, onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining, because of them, city. The Radical Left Dems are killing our cities. NYPD Chief is resigning!
This is the time for Mexico, with the help of the United States, to wage WAR on the drug cartels and wipe them off the face of the earth. We merely await a call from your great new president!
... monsters, the United States stands ready, willing & able to get involved and do the job quickly and effectively. The great new President of Mexico has made this a big issue, but the cartels have become so large and powerful that you sometimes need an army to defeat an army!
A wonderful family and friends from Utah got caught between two vicious drug cartels, who were shooting at each other, with the result being many great American people killed, including young children, and some missing. If Mexico needs or requests help in cleaning out these...
“The Impeachment Hoax has fired up voters in Kentucky, Mississippi and Louisiana.”
Fantastic being in the Great State of Kentucky last night. Vote for Matt Bevin NOW! One of Best Governors in U. S. He will never let you down!
RT: I hope everyone in the Great State of Virginia will get out and VOTE on Tuesday in all of the local and state election …
RT: Virginia has the best Unemployment and Economic numbers in the history of the State. If the Democrats get in, those nu …
RT: Great Republican Geary Higgins has my complete and total Endorsement for Virginia Senate, 13th District. He is strong …
RT: Louisiana, get out and Vote Early for as your next Governor. Lower Taxes and car insurance. Will protect …
RT: The Whistleblower gave false information & dealt with corrupt politician Schiff. He must be brought forward to testify …
RT: 95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
RT: All-Time High for Stock Market and all the Fake News wants to talk about is the Impeachment Hoax!
RT: My son, is coming out with a new book, “ Triggered: How the Left Thrives on Hate and Wants to Silence U …
RT: Virginia, with all of the massive amount of defense and other work I brought to you, and with everything planned, go o …
RT: Zimmerman presents Trump with a customized Nationals jersey
RT: " What an unbelievable honor... this is what you dream about, " Ryan Zimmerman says at the White House, and goes on to thank …
RT: Ryan Zimmerman presented President with a #45 jersey! ⚾
RT: I love you all. Thank you Mr. President, " Washington Nationals catcher Kurt Suzuki says, putting on a “Make America Great Again” h …
RT: STU: " None of this will change. The #impeachment drive and the secret hearings will continue, but the contempt the elites hav …
The Do Nothing Dems have gone Radical Left Crazy. The can’t get anything done!
RT: STU: " It's crunch time. The angry left has taken over the party, and the socialists have taken over the preside …
RT: STU: " Impeachment is all viscous politics. It will fail, and voters won't forget. " #ImpeachmentHearings #Politics #Markets # M …
RT: STU: " Throw in strong #profits, #tradedeals, and more #economicgrowth still to come, and you can see why we have record highs …
Virginia, with all of the massive amount of defense and other work I brought to you, and with everything planned, go out and vote Republican today. I know the Dems are saying that they have your vote locked up, but that would mean a long slide down. VOTE REPUBLICAN TODAY!
RT: " We support, protect, and defend the Constitution " " We stand with the incredible heroes and warriors of law enforcement. …
RT: " So today, we just hit the highest number in the history of the stock market.... That's for everybody. Your 401 ( k ) ' s, ho …
RT: " American special forces gave the world's number one terrorist a one-way ticket to hell. " - President Trump speaks in L …
RT: " The American people are fed up with Democrat lies, hoaxes, slander. The Democrats ' outrageous conduct has created an ang …
Vote for Sean Spicer on Dancing with the Stars. He is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard! #MAGA
RT: THANK YOU Lexington, Kentucky! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Governor and the entire Republican ticket. Ame …
THANK YOU Lexington, Kentucky! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Governor and the entire Republican ticket. America is thriving like never before – and the BEST IS YET TO COME!
Congratulations to the Washington, 2019 World Series Champions!
My son, is coming out with a new book, “Triggered: How the Left Thrives on Hate and Wants to Silence Us” – available tomorrow, November 5th! A great new book that I highly recommend for ALL to read. Go order it today!
All-Time High for Stock Market and all the Fake News wants to talk about is the Impeachment Hoax!
Read the Transcript!
Big Rally in Kentucky TONIGHT for a man who has worked really hard & done a GREAT job, Gov. Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matt’s leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military, our Vets and our 2A. Vote Tuesday!
... I don’t like him using my name to build his consulting company, or whatever. Please advise his clients and Administration officials accordingly.
Many people say they know me, claiming to be “best friends” and really close etc., when I don’t know these people at all. This happens, I suppose, to all who become President. With that being stated, I don’t know, to the best of my knowledge, a man named Michael Esposito...
Stock Market hits RECORD HIGH. Spend your money well!
“There is no Whistleblower. There is someone with an agenda against Donald Trump. What he was blowing the whistle on didn’t happen. We have the transcript of the call. This is all a farce and no Republican should forget that.”
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
The Whistleblower gave false information & dealt with corrupt politician Schiff. He must be brought forward to testify. Written answers not acceptable! Where is the 2nd Whistleblower? He disappeared after I released the transcript. Does he even exist? Where is the informant? Con!
What I said on the phone call with the Ukrainian President is “perfectly” stated. There is no reason to call witnesses to analyze my words and meaning. This is just another Democrat Hoax that I have had to live with from the day I got elected ( and before! ). Disgraceful!
Mark Levin, a great lawyer and scholar, said last night on his, that all you have to do is read the transcript of the call, you do not need Never Trumpers or other witnesses to say what it means or says. It is plainly and very well stated for all to see. Witch Hunt
Great! But how do you know it was a “mistweet?” May be something with deep meaning!
RT: #العراق: حرق جدار القنصلية الإيرانية في #كربلاء
RT: #BREAKING: Dozens of Iraqi demonstrators have stormed the Iranian consulate in #Karbala, lowering the flag and burning part o …
Louisiana, get out and Vote Early for as your next Governor. Lower Taxes and car insurance. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. John Bel Edwards is always fighting our MAGA Agenda. Wants to raise your taxes and car insurance to the sky. Vote for Republican Eddie R!
RT: The democrats are tearing this country apart. They are wusses, wimps and weasels. They don’t have the chutzpah to face Do …
RT: Check out my interview with on the Democrats ' impeachment witch-hunt and their " soviet-style " process to th …
Great Republican Geary Higgins has my complete and total Endorsement for Virginia Senate, 13th District. He is strong on Crime, the Border, our Military, Cutting Taxes, and protecting your 2nd Amendment. Dem John Bell will take your guns & raise your taxes. Vote for Geary Higgins
Mark Levin: “We ought to talk about the substance of this phone call. We have the call, I don’t know what we need witnesses for? Can’t we read English? Do I need a Whistleblower to tell me what I ’ m reading? Do I need a Lt. C. to tell me? NO.” So plain and simple!
RT: Morrison testimony backfires on Schiff and the radical Democrats
RT: The walking dead: the House Democrats who lied to voters in Trump districts in 2018 to get elected.
RT: Elizabeth Warren would destroy jobs and the middle class. If elected she must be impeached.
RT: Under Trump, black unemployment is lowest in history. No doubt, Democrats will shout racism.
RT: Rats nest
RT: Obama NSC holdovers — the so-called whistleblower and the two Schiff staffers — must be part of the 2016 - related crimina …
RT: #ICYMI: Student debt is one of the biggest issues facing Americans from all states across the United States. Yesterday, I …
Good point!
We won’t Steve!
RT: " Rep. Jim Jordan on House impeachment inquiry: Democrats are making up the rules as they go "
RT: Dems are using impeachment as a political tactic to damage at the ballot box. That's a disgusting abuse …
Don’t miss this show!
RT: The democrats are tearing this country apart. They are wusses, wimps and weasels. They don’t have the chutzpah to face Do …
RT:
False stories are being reported that a few Republican Senators are saying that President Trump may have done a quid pro quo, but it doesn’t matter, there is nothing wrong with that, it is not an impeachable event. Perhaps so, but read the transcript, there is no quid pro quo!
... should give their own transcripts of the interviews to contrast with Schiff’s manipulated propaganda. House Republicans must have nothing to do with Shifty’s rendition of those interviews. He is a proven liar, leaker & freak who is really the one who should be impeached!
If Shifty Adam Schiff, who is a corrupt politician who fraudulently made up what I said on the “call,” is allowed to release transcripts of the Never Trumpers & others that are & were interviewed, he will change the words that were said to suit the Dems purposes. Republicans...

Virginia has the best Unemployment and Economic numbers in the history of the State. If the Democrats get in, those numbers will go rapidly in the other direction. On Tuesday, Vote Republican!
I hope everyone in the Great State of Virginia will get out and VOTE on Tuesday in all of the local and state elections to send a signal to D. C. that you want lower taxes, a strong Military, Border & 2nd Amendment, great healthcare, and must take care of our Vets. VOTE REPUBLICAN
The Fake News Media is working hard so that information about the Whistleblower’s identity, which may be very bad for them and their Democrat partners, never reaches the Public.
The Democrats are Fixers, and they are working overtime to FIX the Impeachment “Process” in order to hurt the Republican Party and me. Nancy Pelosi should instead Fix her broken District and Corrupt Adam should clean up & manage the California forests which are always burning!
Fake News!
The Angry Majority!
Many people listened to my phone call with the Ukrainian President while it was being made. I never heard any complaints. The reason is that it was totally appropriate, I say perfect. Republicans have never been more unified, and my Republican Approval Rating is now 95 %!
... and FEDERAL CONTRACTOR SPIES stories. The finest law enforcement on the planet could not have shown a ROADMAP like that which was produced by you. should be VERY proud of this great work. I wish more people were seeking the facts and the truth. Keep it up!
Thank you to for the absolutely incredible Special Report narrated by. Seldom do the American people get to see journalistic work of this quality. Now it would be great if the legitimate sections of law enforcement would study your SMEARS, SPIES AND LIES...
“Morrison testifies he saw nothing wrong with the Trump call.”
... Matt has been a GREAT Governor. Kentucky ( I Love You! ), please be sure to vote for Matt Bevin on TUESDAY. Matt will never let you down, and we have to send a strong signal to Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats. See you on Monday night, VOTE TUESDAY!!!
Walking into Madison Square Garden last night with for the big Championship fight was a little bit like walking into a Trump Rally. Plenty of MAGA & KAG present. Great energy. Fantastic job Dana! Heading to D. C. and then to Kentucky for a big Rally...
Great fight Champ!
RT: UFC president Dana White has praised Trump for backing the UFC early on — including agreeing to host fights at his venues and …
The Whistleblower got it sooo wrong that HE must come forward. The Fake News Media knows who he is but, being an arm of the Democrat Party, don’t want to reveal him because there would be hell to pay. Reveal the Whistleblower and end the Impeachment Hoax!
... putting these massive, and many, fires out. Great firefighters! Also, open up the ridiculously closed water lanes coming down from the North. Don’t pour it out into the Pacific Ocean. Should be done immediately. California desperately needs water, and you can have it now!
The Governor of California, , has done a terrible job of forest management. I told him from the first day we met that he must “clean” his forest floors regardless of what his bosses, the environmentalists, DEMAND of him. Must also do burns and cut fire stoppers...
.. Every year, as the fire’s rage & California burns, it is the same thing-and then he comes to the Federal Government for $ $ $ help. No more. Get your act together Governor. You don’t see close to the level of burn in other states... But our teams are working well together in...
RT:

RT: #NEW: Pres. Trump arrives at Madison Square Garden to a positive reaction from the crowd ahead of #UFC244.
RT: At #UFC244 - chanting “Donald Trump, Donald Trump... USA USA”
RT: Despite the bullshit from blue checkmark Twitter, when we walked into the arena it was overwhelmingly positive. …
RT: A great new book by Howie Carr, “What Really Happened, How Donald J. Trump Saved America From Hillary Clinton,” is on …
RT: Tate Reeves will be a great Governor of Mississippi, and what an electric Rally last night. Vote for Tate on Tuesday! …
RT: Big Rally in Kentucky on Monday night for a man who has worked really hard & done a GREAT job, Governor. Ke …
RT: Louisiana has a chance to have a really great Governor in. Auto insurance costs and taxes will be coming …
RT: The Whistleblower has disappeared. Where is the Whistleblower?
RT: Under President, we’ve cut taxes, rolled back red tape, unleashed American energy and forged free, fair and recipr …
RT: Schiff will change the transcripts just like he fraudulently made up the phone call. He is a corrupt politician!
Didn’t he pick the Whistleblower?
RT: When you look at what Democrats in Congress have accomplished compared to President in just the past 2 wee …
RT: There is serious work to get done on behalf of this country — and Congressional Democrats are blatantly ignoring it.
RT: While Democrats go on with their impeachment sham, President will continue working for the American people …
RT:. have been holding a closed-door investigation in’s basement. After facing intense fl …
RT: The left's impeachment sham sure hasn't slowed President down this week. See more:
A giant Scam!
RT: Someone feeling a bit left out?
RT: President Trump on the mission that killed ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi: " American special operators executed a mast …
RT: You can call Trump a bully, racist, xenophobe, liar, islamophobe, fascist, or even a Cheeto. None of it's true. THE T …
RT: Nancy & Adam: We will worry about your ridiculous fake impeachment bs when ONE of your full-time candidates can fill a stad …
RT: Keep on rolling.
RT: The Democrats are pushing the Impeachment hoax because they know the President is going to get re-elected in 2020. So …
RT: Same story, different day for Dems. They’ve wanted to impeach from Day 1. First they tried to use the …
Schiff will change the transcripts just like he fraudulently made up the phone call. He is a corrupt politician!
The Whistleblower has disappeared. Where is the Whistleblower?
Big Rally in Kentucky on Monday night for a man who has worked really hard & done a GREAT job, Governor. Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matt’s leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military, our Vets and our 2nd Amendment. Vote Tuesday!
Louisiana has a chance to have a really great Governor in. Auto insurance costs and taxes will be coming way down with Eddie, and your 2nd Amendment will be protected. Current Democrat governor has done a really poor job! VOTE EARLY FOR EDDIE!
Tate Reeves will be a great Governor of Mississippi, and what an electric Rally last night. Vote for Tate on Tuesday!
A great new book by Howie Carr, “What Really Happened, How Donald J. Trump Saved America From Hillary Clinton,” is on sale now. Howie is a talented New England force who was there at the very beginning!
RT: If you want to send a message to the Do Nothing Democrats that Kentucky and America support President — VOTE …
RT: " While we're Creating Jobs and Killing Terrorists, the Democrat Party has gone completely insane. " - President …
RT: One reason why the ' quid pro quo ' narrative is a fairy tale: Not only were Ukraine officials unaware aid was even bein …
RT: Speaker Pelosi said earlier this Congress that any impeachment effort would need to be done on a bipartisan basis. We …
RT: Debunking Radical Dems. on former WH official, Tim Morrison’s testimony vindicating. #MAGA #AmericaFir …
RT: Strong show of unity among Republicans today. 💯 % voted AGAINST impeachment sham. 💪 🏼
RT: The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
RT: This week’s Interagency Task Force to combat #humantrafficking met and announced investments totaling $ 75M in the P …
The Whistleblower must come forward to explain why his account of the phone call with the Ukrainian President was so inaccurate ( fraudulent? ). Why did the Whistleblower deal with corrupt politician Shifty Adam Schiff and / or his committee?
You can’t Impeach someone who hasn’t done anything wrong!
Oh no, Beto just dropped out of race for President despite him saying he was “born for this.” I don’t think so!
Republicans have never been more unified than they are right now! The Dems are a mess under the corrupt leadership of Nervous Nancy Pelosi and Shifty Adam Schiff!
... our great police are being disrespected, even with water dumped on them, because a Mayor and Governor just don’t “have their backs.” New York’s Finest must be cherished, respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work...
... with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!
I love New York, but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo ( the brother of Fredo ), or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work ( and to keep him out of jams ), a reason some don’t want to be...
... in New York, and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high, Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack & drill for Gold ( oil ) while reducing taxes & creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty & unsafe again, as...
... with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!
... our great police are being disrespected, even with water dumped on them, because a Mayor and Governor just don’t “have their backs.” New York’s Finest must be cherished, respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work...
... in New York, and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high, Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack & drill for Gold ( oil ) while reducing taxes & creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty & unsafe again, as
I love New York, but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo ( the brother if Fredo ), or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work ( and to keep him out of jams ), a reason some don’t want to be...
Stock Market up BIG! Record highs for S & P 500 and NASDAQ. Enjoy!
... Our Republican candidate is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie, the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!
LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities, High Taxes, and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisiana’s economy and your Second Amendment rights...
Louisiana, I’ll see you tonight. Big Rally for Eddie R. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR. Early voting starts!
... The public is watching and seeing for themselves how unfair this process is. Corrupt politicians, Pelosi and Schiff, are trying to take down the Republican Party. It will never happen, we will take back the House!
“Adam Schiff has taken all of the power for himself. That is very unfair. There were dozens of people on this call, yesterdays witness knew that and had no problems ( nor did any of them ). Facts matter, and that’s why this is not about Impeachment.” Guy Lewis, former prosecutor...
ISIS has a new leader. We know exactly who he is!
“The Democrats need more than this.” Much more!
“The Democrats are so immersed in this ( SCAM ). They couldn’t care less about the American people!”
Wow, a blowout JOBS number just out, adjusted for revisions and the General Motors strike, 303,000. This is far greater than expectations. USA ROCKS!
Chicago will never stop its crime wave with the current Superintendent of Police. It just won’t happen! Thank you to Kevin Graham and all of the GREAT Chicago Police Officers I just had the privilege to meet. Tremendous crime fighting potential if allowed to do your thing!
“This is the biggest, most disgusting scandal, and it’s all on the Democrat Party that has highjacked the Impeachment process, our tax dollars, the House of Representatives, to push their 2020 Election. That’s what’s going on.” Cannot be said any better!
“It has been 3 years and Donald Trump hasn’t done anything wrong. Donald Trump hasn’t done a single thing of which he has been accused.” A Witch Hunt like no other!
Thanks Lee!
RT: New: Tim Morrison said he didn't think the president broke the law on his call with Zelensky, and that he didn't think th …
But the Crooked Democrats don’t want people to know this! Thank you to Tim Morrison for your honesty.
A great place!
Thank you!
... this decision, but in the end it will be best for all concerned. As President, I will always be there to help New York and the great people of New York. It will always have a special place in my heart!
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, the White House, is the place I have come to love and will stay for, hopefully, another 5 years as we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, but my family and I will be making Palm Beach, Florida, our Permanent Residence. I cherish New York, and the people of...
... New York, and always will, but unfortunately, despite the fact that I pay millions of dollars in city, state and local taxes each year, I have been treated very badly by the political leaders of both the city and state. Few have been treated worse. I hated having to make...
RT: The Dems days of bullying the American people are over — they will not disenfranchise the voters in 2020 with a sham impe …
RT: Headline November 11, 2020: “ Exit Polls link loss of more than two dozen ' moderate ' Dem seats to Schiff's impeachment re …
The home of Nancy Pelosi. I can’t believe her voters can be happy with the job she and the Do Nothing Democrats are doing! San Francisco has really gone down hill. So sad!
RT: Heroin addict drags NYPD cop with his car — and wins $ 11 million in court via
RT: “ … surrounded by enemies and spies catching and perverting every word that falls from my lips or flows from my pen, and inv …
RT: Just voted NO on the impeachment inquiry resolution. Doesn’t ensure minority subpoena power or release of transcripts. D …
RT: Democrats don't care about the facts or passing legislation. They only care about impeaching the President less than 13 m …
RT: Democrats keep trying to tell you they're * reluctantly * pursuing impeachment. Reminder: since took of …
RT: Washington Democrats made every effort to take down this President with a fake Russian collusion scandal It failed Th …
RT: The worst part about their sham impeachment is all the things that are NOT getting done: ✖ ️ Government is NOT funded ✖ ️ Our …
RT: Today, will continue an impeachment inquisition that is nothing more than an illegitimate witch-hunt. The …
RT: After weeks of Adam Schiff's secret hearings & selective leaks, the Do-Nothing-Dems are trying to legitimize the unfair in …
RT: BREAKING ⇒ 100 % of Republicans just voted AGAINST this sham impeachment. Two Democrats joined us. Speaker Pelosi and Chairm …
RT: Voted AGAINST Impeachment Resolution. Voted FOR Constitution and America. The fight goes on. God Bless America!
RT: Today’s vote on the impeachment resolution is a continuation of the farce that Speaker Pelosi and Chairman Schiff are trying …
RT: Fact: Pelosi’s inquiry is officially the first presidential impeachment inquiry in modern history authorized by members …
RT: 🚨 BREAKING: Dems are voting to continue their Soviet-style impeachment scheme. They're not interested in due process. T …
RT: Trick-or-Treat #Halloween2019
The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
The Impeachment Hoax is hurting our Stock Market. The Do Nothing Democrats don’t care!
... our manufacturers. We should have lower interest rates than Germany, Japan and all others. We are now, by far, the biggest and strongest Country, but the Fed puts us at a competitive disadvantage. China is not our problem, the Federal Reserve is! We will win anyway.
People are VERY disappointed in Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. The Fed has called it wrong from the beginning, too fast, too slow. They even tightened in the beginning. Others are running circles around them and laughing all the way to the bank. Dollar & Rates are hurting...
READ THE TRANSCRIPT!
China and the USA are working on selecting a new site for signing of Phase One of Trade Agreement, about 60 % of total deal, after APEC in Chile was canceled do to unrelated circumstances. The new location will be announced soon. President Xi and President Trump will do signing!
RT: The reality is that political ads are usually arguably true and arguably false. So who gets to decide what’s true and what’s …
Congratulations to, you left & in the dust ( that’s because the don’t tell the truth! ).
RT: 🎉 🍾 Congratulations # 1 show in cable news Saturday 18-49 & 25-54 demos Also 1.8 M tuned in to the " King …
RT: Joe Biden Repeatedly Asked Agencies To Do What Son's Clients Wanted
RT: THE HEADLINER: responds to Joe Biden and Beto O'Rourke's criticism of President Trump taking credit for …
RT: There was a time when MSM would have gone into a feeding frenzy against a Congressman who stopped the other party from as …
RT: Watch: “ Joe Biden is the wrongest person on earth to be talking about al-Baghdadi’s raid. He’s the man who opposed the raid a …
Thank you Matt.
... never be allowed to roll into a winter showtrial. Indeed, allowing a long, drawn out trial in the Senate would merely validate and perpetuate the fraud begun in the House. The crisis is of the Democrats own making, and it’s up to Republicans to make sure this never happens...
... to any President, of either party, again. Laura
“ Now is the time for Republicans to stand together and defend the leader of their party against these smears. It would be one thing if there were any indication of an underlying crime, but there is not-not in the transcripts, and not in the secret witness testimony that...
... the Dems have selectively leaked. Nor was there any corrupt intent on the part of the President. Remember, the President knew that that call was being heard and documented by many people. Anyone with intent would be a tad more discreet, don’t you think? This farce should...
Congratulations to the Washington Nationals on a great season and an incredible World Series. Game 7 was amazing!
Thank you Daily Wire. Very cute recreation, but the “live” version of Conan will be leaving the Middle East for the White House sometime next week!
The Do Nothing Democrats have gone Crazy. Very bad for USA!

Thank you!
“Adam Schiff’s drive to impeach Trump based on opinions, deception and illusions – Not facts”
We will be having a big rally for Governor on Monday night in Kentucky. Get your tickets today!
Early voting in Louisiana for a man who will be a Great Governor, , on Saturday, November 2nd. He will get your Auto Insurance and Taxes way down. He will protect your Military, Vets, Second Amendment and Energy...
... Your current Governor, John Bel Edwards, has done a poor job with economic development ( last in nation ) and auto insurance ( highest in nation ) wants to raise your taxes BIG - vote for Eddie starting Saturday!
AMERICAN HERO!
Thank you, ,, and for standing with us for Better, Cheaper, Safer Cars for Americans. California has treated the Auto Industry very poorly for many years, harming Workers and Consumers. We are fixing this problem!
My friend Mike of the Great State of Alaska, is being treated very unfairly by the Democrats because he is doing an unbelievable job and fulfilling every one of his promises. Now they are trying to Recall him because his agenda is the Economy, Jobs, and protecting...
... our Military, 2nd Amendment, Energy, and so many other things that the Democrats don’t care about. Please stop the Dems from hurting a very good and hard-working man!
... the United States Military. Congress needs to do its work. We need to fund our Armed Forces. ” Mitch McConnell. The Dems are a lost cause. In 2020, we need a big, beautiful WIN ( all three )! #MAGA
“ Our Country cannot afford for the Democrats in Congress to take a one year vacation from any productive legislation just because they would rather obsess over Impeachment. ISIS & other radical terrorists are not going to hit the pause button because Democrats won’t fund...
“Precisely the same program that the Democrats are trying to Impeach President Trump for supposedly slow walking, tomorrow, right here in the Senate, they ( the Dems ) say they’re going to filibuster for the exact same program.” Mitch McConnell. Do Nothing Democrats!
Yesterday’s Never Trumper witness could find NO Quid Pro Quo in the Transcript of the phone call. There were many people listening to the call. How come they ( including the President of Ukraine ) found NOTHING wrong with it. Witch Hunt!
A Federal Judge is allowing the Nick Sandman libel suit to move forward against the thoroughly disgusting Washington Post ( which is no longer available at the White House! ). He could now have a good chance of winning. Go Nick!
“It does appear it has to do with Nancy Pelosi retaining her Speakership in the next Congress. She would like that so she’s going to put it to a vote because that’s what her political left really wants.” A disgraceful use of Impeachment. Will backfire!
The Greatest Economy in American History!
RT: Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to …
RT: Just confirmed that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi’s number one replacement has been terminated by American troops. Most likely …
RT: 95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. Thank you!
Republicans are very unified and energized in our fight on the Impeachment Hoax with the Do Nothing Democrats, and now are starting to go after the Substance even more than the very infair Process because just a casual reading of the Transcript leads EVERYBODY to see that...
... the call with the Ukrainian President was a totally appropriate one. As he said, “No Pressure.” This Impeachment nonsense is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt Hoax, which has been going on since before I even got elected. Rupublicans, go with Substance and close it out!
RT: Democrats go 4 + weeks with a secretive, free for all, no rules impeachment process — and now try to save face with a shor …
RT: Days since learned the identity of the whistleblower: 78
RT: MUST-READ: " Gaetz: ' Donald Trump Is Innocent, and the Deep State Is Guilty ' "
RT: Adam Schiff wants to impeach for not going along with the “impeachment” inquiry that even Democrats ha …
RT: After seven weeks of running a communist-style, ultra-partisan effort to undo the 2016 election results under the disguis …
RT: Now Pelosi & Schiff want to pretend they are being transparent — after they corrupted & tainted the process for weeks in s …
RT: Nancy Pelosi's impeachment resolution further restricts the participation of duly elected Members of Congress from their part …
RT: Once again, proves that Democrats have no intention of giving a fair shake in this " im …
RT: Dems’ impeachment resolution: - Cuts Oversight and Foreign Affairs out of public hearings - Pretends to give sub …
RT: This resolution is a bogus attempt to legitimize an “impeachment” effort that doesn’t offer real fairness, due process, …
RT: This impeachment resolution just introduced is fatally flawed. Just another awful misstep by House Dems running a circus, …
RT: 🇺 🇸 God bless the incredible Men and Women who serve our country. God bless America. Justice served!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to be just the opposite. The Do Nothing Dems will lose many seats in 2020. They have a Death Wish, led by a corrupt politician, Adam Schiff!
“Over in Europe and Japan they have NEGATIVE RATES. They get paid to borrow money. Don’t we have to follow our competitors?” Yes we do. The Fed doesn’t have a clue! We have unlimited potential, only held back by the Federal Reserve. But we are winning anyway!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to be just the oppidite. The Do Nothing Dems will lose many seats in 2020. They have a Death Wish, led by a corrupt politician, Adam Schiff!
Consumer Confidence number very good. Housing sales in September up nicely. Economy Rocks!
A great new book just out, “The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunez Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U. S. History.” Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out!
Just confirmed that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi’s number one replacement has been terminated by American troops. Most likely would have taken the top spot - Now he is also Dead!
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. Thank you!
Supposedly, according to the Corrupt Media, the Ukraine call “concerned” today’s Never Trumper witness. Was he on the same call that I was? Can’t be possible! Please ask him to read the Transcript of the call. Witch Hunt!
RT: On Inauguration Day 2017, Team Trump has zero idea how many career staff working inside the Admin — WH, State, IC, other a …
RT: When the Left loses power, their answer is always to limit speech. Never works.
How many more Never Trumpers will be allowed to testify about a perfectly appropriate phone call when all anyone has to do is READ THE TRANSCRIPT! I knew people were listening in on the call ( why would I say something inappropriate? ), which was fine with me, but why so many?
The Do Nothing Democrats are working hard to make everyone forget the Best Economy Ever, the monumental weekend raid, Tax Cuts, the Rebuilding of our Military, etc. The Impeachment Hoax is a disgrace. Read the transcript!
Where’s the Whistleblower? Just read the Transcript, everything else is made up garbage by Shifty Schiff and the Never Trumpers!
RT: While Democrats continue to leak false narratives, here’s what the actual witness interviews would show you: - No aid …
RT: Democrats have undermined the fairness of this unauthorized impeachment inquisition of with the …
RT:. recognizing Officer of the Year finalists for their heroism and commitment to keeping our communities s …
RT: The ship has already sailed on having a fair and transparent process. poisoned the well on day one. Th …
RT: House Democrats now suddenly saying they'll vote on an impeachment resolution to “ensure transparency” is rich — consider …
RT: Schiff-style impeachment: Dems hide testimony behind secure doors & leak info vital to their false narrative, driving the …
RT: Speaker Pelosi's announcement today acknowledges Adam Schiff’s free-wheeling impeachment inquiry is devoid of rules and l …
RT: A live look at House Democrats trying to impeach President. First Russia, then obstruction, now Ukraine. De …
RT: A vote now is a bit like un-Ringing a bell as House Democrats have selectively leaked information in order to damage P …
RT: Pelosi let Schiff hold secret hearings and leak misleading info to attack for weeks. Now she wants a v …
RT: We’ve just learned House Democrats are moving the public impeachment hearings to the Intelligence Committee — taking it …
RT: Thank you, , for finally acknowledging the fact that you attempted to deceive the American people into th …
RT: I ’ m happy that House Democrats finally decided to hold a vote to open up a formal impeachment inquisition of …
RT: “ Democrats counter that Republicans are complaining about process because they can’t address the substance. But process …
RT: Mark is 100 % spot on here. Ukraine didn’t even know there was a hold on aid until just before it was released. Schiff may …
RT: Pelosi now says there will be a vote Thu to authorize their impeachment inquiry. This should include minority subpoena ri …
RT: Schiff’s not a magician. Taylor’s 2nd, 3rd & 4th hand claims don’t become 1st hand just bc this slippery fella says so. A …
A great book by a great guy. Get it now!
RT: Congratulations to ⁦ ⁩ on his new book “The Plot Against The President” ⁦ ⁩
RT: " The Plot Against the President: The True Story of How Congressman Devin Nunes Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal in …
Correct, a total scam!
RT: Pelosi announces they’ll finally vote to open the impeachment inquiry. Codifying a sham process halfway through doesn’t ma …
RT: Dems plan to cut even more House members out of their ridiculous, unfair, and biased impeachment process. Only Schiff's …
Why are people that I never even heard of testifying about the call. Just READ THE CALL TRANSCRIPT AND THE IMPEACHMENT HOAX IS OVER! Ukrain said NO PRESSURE.
RT: “ Trump just called them out on it and he’s getting practically standing ovations for it, in Chicago. He’s standing up for t …
RT:.: “ Nationwide injunctions undermine our entire immigration system. It is not job of judges to impose th …
RT: The only crimes in the Impeachment Hoax were committed by Shifty Adam Schiff, when he totally made up my phone convers …
RT: The Swamp boos Trump, while Middle America Cheers #IngrahamAngle ⁦ ⁩
RT: The idea that politicians need to be briefed on a military operation while young men & women are risking their lives is ri …
RT: Pres denounces attacks on police officers. “ An attack on law enforcement is an attack on all Americans, " says. And …
RT:. ' s speech to IACP is one of the most pro America, pro Law Enforcement platforms I've ever heard from a P …
“This is a big win for America, and also for President Trump.”
The only crimes in the Impeachment Hoax were committed by Shifty Adam Schiff, when he totally made up my phone conversation with the Ukrainian President and read it to Congress, together with numerous others on Shifty’s side. Schiff should be Impeached, and worse!
“There is no underlying crime in that transcript.” 100 % correct, and the Whistleblower disappeared after I released the transcript of the call. Where is the Whistleblower? That is why this is now called the Impeachment Hoax! The Do Nothing Dems are Doing Nothing!
“Americans know by now that the Impeachment inquiry is just another hoax and silent coup to remove the President from office.” J. J. Crovatto Don’t worry J. J., Schiff is a leaker & corrupt politician who made up what I said on the call in order to hurt the Republican Party & me!
Can you believe that Shifty Adam Schiff, the biggest leaker in D. C., and a corrupt politician, is upset that we didn’t inform him before we raided and killed the # 1 terrorist in the WORLD!? Wouldn’t be surprised if the Do Nothing Democrats Impeach me over that! DRAIN THE SWAMP!!
RT: It’s been 34 days since Nancy Pelosi unilaterally declared her impeachment inquiry. Today’s backtracking is an admission t …
RT: Lisa Page lied to the DOJ about her edits to the Flynn 302. " Page didn't recall whether she …
RT: THE LIST: 8 Ways the Mueller Witchhunt and Lying Schiff’s Sham Impeachment Are Identical, Corrupt and Unconstitutional …
RT: Crooked Impeachment Witness Bill Taylor Led Ukraine Delegation for Group Advised by Hunter Biden. Taylor also initiated …
RT: Why I am a Trump Supporter... #Trump2016
So nice, thank you!
RT: • No quid pro quo • No pressure & agree that it's time for ' s #impeachment cha …
We have declassified a picture of the wonderful dog ( name not declassified ) that did such a GREAT JOB in capturing and killing the Leader of ISIS, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi!
An AMAZING CHAMPION. Great going Tiger!
THANK YOU #IACP2019!
RT:
RT: President proved to the world last night that our fight against ISIS is unrelenting.
The S & P just hit an ALL TIME HIGH. This is a big win for jobs, 401 - K’s, and, frankly, EVERYONE! Our Country is doing great. Even killed long sought ISIS murderer, Al-Baghdadi. We are stronger than ever before, with GREAT upward potential. Enjoy!
RT: Last night, the United States brought the world's number one terrorist leader to justice. President address …
RT: Thank you to the service members, military leaders, and agency officials who were critical to the success of this mission. …


As Diwali commences, Melania and I wish those observing the Festival of Lights a blessed and happy celebration! #HappyDiwali
Something very big has just happened!
Governor has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military...
... Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement, and always has. GET OUT and VOTE on November 5th for your GREAT Governor,!
MISSISSIPPI! There is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to get out and VOTE for our Great Republican nominee,. Tate is Strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment...
... He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote, is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get out and VOTE for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities, High Taxes, and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisiana’s economy and your Second Amendment rights...
... Our Republican candidate is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie, the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!
Where’s the Whistleblower?
The Fake Washington Post keeps doing phony stories, with zero sources, that I am concerned with the Impeachment scam. I am not because I did nothing wrong. It is the other side, including Schiff and his made up story, that are concerned. Witch Hunt continues!
My Administration is fighting hard to end the Opioid Crisis. Join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4,000 locations across this great Country. Find a location TODAY from 10am - 2pm at #TakeBackDay
...
Badly failing presidential candidate will not go to a very wonderful largely African American event today because yesterday I recieved a major award, at the same event, for being able to produce & sign into law major Criminal Justice Reform legislation, which will..
... greatly help the African American community ( and all other communities ), and which was unable to get done in past administrations despite a tremendous desire for it. This and best unemployment numbers EVER is more than Kamala will EVER be able to do for African Americans!
The Ukraine investigation is just as Corrupt and Fake as all of the other garbage that went on before it. Even Shifty Schiff got caught cheating when he made up what I said on the call!
I can’t believe that Nancy Pelosi’s District in San Francisco is in such horrible shape that the City itself is in violation of many sanitary & environmental orders, causing it to owe the Federal Government billions of dollars - and all she works on is Impeachment...
... We should all work together to clean up these hazardous waste and homeless sites before the whole city rots away. Very bad and dangerous conditions, also severely impacting the Pacific Ocean and water supply. Pelosi must work on this mess and turn her District around!
“Not a single American citizen has been charged with anything related to Russian Collusion, not one person.” It was all an illegal Witch Hunt!
Had a beautiful dinner last night at Camp David in celebration of the 10th Wedding Anniversary of Ivanka and Jared. Attended by a small number of family and friends, it could not have been nicer. Camp David is a special place. Cost of the event will be totally paid for by me!
RT: Democrats just announced that they no longer want the Whistleblower to testify. But everything was about the Whistlebl …
RT:... The entire Impeachment Scam was based on my perfect Ukrainian call, and the Whistleblowers account of that call, w …
RT: NYT report: DOJ opening a criminal investigation into the spreading of the Russian collusion conspiracy If true, this …
... They exonerated him completely of being an agent of Russia ( Recently Crooked Hillary charged Tulsi Gabbard & Jill Stein with the same thing-SICK ), and yet Mr. Comey still runs to the White House on February 14 and conjures up the Obstruction of Justice narrative against...
.. the President when Flynn had been cleared of everything long before that. The DOJ is withholding a lot of evidence & information, as are Clapper & Brennan & all of the people who participated in the complete setup of Michael Flynn. ” ( Terrible! ) Sidney Powell. This is a disgrace!
... Thank you! Hopefully this is just the beginning of a massive story of injustice and treason. You will never learn this from the corrupt LameStream Media who get Pulitzer Prizes for reporting the story totally wrong. The ones who report it right get only RESPECT!
“ General Michael Flynn’s attorney is demanding that charges be immediately dropped after they found that FBI Agents manipulated records against him. They say that James Clapper told a reporter to “ take a kill shot at Flynn. This has been a complete setup of Michael Flynn...
My Administration is fighting hard to end the Opioid Crisis. Join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4,000 locations across this great Country. Find a location TOMORROW, October 26th from 10am - 2pm at #TakeBackDay
RT: JUST IN: Trump administration suspends US commercial flights to 9 destinations in Cuba except for Havana

RT:
RT: POTUS is a champion for America's once-forgotten communities, and his historic criminal justice reforms are building opportun …
RT: To Tim: The Button on the IPhone was FAR better than the Swipe!
RT: What is Adam Schiff hiding, and why is he afraid to show the American public?
RT: I appreciate the support of Senator, Mitch McConnell, and their Great Senate Republican c …
RT: First we learn that Durham's probe is now a criminal investigation. Now we hear that the FBI may have altered the 302s fro …
RT: It was my great honor to deliver the keynote address at the 2019 Second Step Presidential Justice Forum hosted by the …
RT: Thank you!

RT: A new poll shows evangelical support for President GROWING in spite of Democrat impeachment farce! I ’ l …
Great Book!
Wow!
RT: My appearance on Hannity last night
My lawyers should sue the Democrats and Shifty Adam Schiff for fraud!
Democrats just announced that they no longer want the Whistleblower to testify. But everything was about the Whistleblower ( they no longer want the second Whistleblower either ), which they don’t want because the account of my call bore NO RELATIONSHIP to the call itself...
... The entire Impeachment Scam was based on my perfect Ukrainian call, and the Whistleblowers account of that call, which turned out to be false ( a fraud? ). Once I released the actual call, their entire case fell apart. The Democrats must end this Scam now. Witch Hunt!
To Tim: The Button on the IPhone was FAR better than the Swipe!
... in the basement of the United States Capitol! They cannot win at the ballot box. Their sham for the past 3 years continues. The good news is that the American People get it, which will be proven once again on November 3, 2020!
I appreciate the support of Senator, Mitch McConnell, and their Great Senate Republican colleagues, on the resolution condemning the Do Nothing Democrats for their Witch Hunt Impeachment inquiry, behind closed doors...
RT: NEW Interview w / - DOJ Criminal Investigation Clapper / Brennan - Comey leaking memo - Schiff corroborated …
RT: Since President signed the First Step Act into law, 10 states have passed legislation to advance criminal …
RT: Last year, President signed the First Step Act into law — the most significant criminal justice reform in ma …
RT: President: " The best is yet to come " for the African American community
RT: Members of the Executive Committee just unanimously passed a resolution of support for & the Graha …
RT: President just accepted the 2019 Bipartisan Justice Award for his leadership in the passage of the histori …
RT: President: " We are acting, not talking. "
RT: President: " Under this administration, the great betrayal of the American worker is over. "
RT: President: African American youth unemployment recently reached the lowest level EVER
RT: Tanisha Bannister: I want to thank for giving me another lease on life
RT: Watch give remarks at HBCU - Benedict College accepting an award for his leadership on Criminal …
RT: President: " My goal has been to give a voice to the voiceless. " #ForgottenMenandWomen
RT: President: " The First Step Act proved that we can achieve amazing breakthroughs when we come together as a …
RT: House Democrats continue to take unprecedented steps in their closed-door impeachment charade. is rig …
It was my great honor to deliver the keynote address at the 2019 Second Step Presidential Justice Forum hosted by the 20/20 Bipartisan Justice Center in South Carolina, and my true honor to receive the Bipartisan Justice Award, thank you!
Thank you!
RT: Today is receiving the Bipartisan Justice Award for his historic work on criminal justice reform. At the sa …
Heading to South Carolina!
RT: Breaking Poll: 52 % Say Impeachment Is Political Stunt by Democrats - 59 % Say It's a Waste of Time …
“Donald J. Trump is an absolutely historic President already, in less than 3 years in office. His record is there for everyone to look at & to examine and compare. This is an illegitimate effort to overthrow a President, not a formal Impeachment inquiry.” Thank you Lou
Turkey fully understands not to fire on the Kurds as they leave what will be known as the Safe Zone for other fairly nearby areas. I don’t have to repeat that large scale Sanctions will be imposed for violations. Going well! ISIS secured by Kurds with Turkey ready as backup...
... USA has gained Trillions of Dollars in wealth since November 2016. All others way down. Our power is Economic before having to use our newly rebuilt Military, a much better alternative. Oil is secured. Our soldiers have left and are leaving Syria for other places, then...
... COMING HOME! We were supposed to be there for 30 days - That was 10 years ago. When these pundit fools who have called the Middle East wrong for 20 years ask what we are getting out of the deal, I simply say, THE OIL, AND WE ARE BRINGING OUR SOLDIERS BACK HOME, ISIS SECURED!
So Congressman Tim Ryan of Ohio has finally dropped out of the race for President, registering ZERO in the polls & unable to even qualify for the debate stage. See Tim, it’s not so easy out there if you don’t know what you’re doing. He wasn’t effective for USA workers, just talk!
Another big dropout of the Presidential race was, along with 0 % Tim Ryan, 0 %. Such talk and bravado from both, and nothing to show. They stood for nothing, and the voters couldn’t stand by them. Obnoxious and greedy politicians never make it in the end!
RT: This impeachment inquiry has produced NOTHING to impeach POTUS for ( I've been inside every depo thus far ). While Dems run …
RT: Democrats have no concern for the rules. Pelosi violates House rules and her majority gives her a free pass. Schiff …
RT: The only reason Adam Schiff is conducting these unclassified interviews in a SCIF is to allow Democrats to control the narrat …
RT: Let's call this sham what it really is: an #ImpeachmentInquisition against. This purely political proce …
RT: Democrats are trying to use the natural advantage they have with the mainstream media to have secret interviews and selec …
RT: Democrats: Searching for any possible reason to impeach & undo the results of the 2016 election - & doing …
Where is the Whistleblower, and why did he or she write such a fictitious and incorrect account of my phone call with the Ukrainian President? Why did the IG allow this to happen? Who is the so-called Informant ( Schiff? ) who was so inaccurate? A giant Scam!
RT: 52 % majority says impeachment is political to stop reelection only 36 % legal 47 % - 33 % say shudn’t coop …
RT: Nancy Pelosi and her Do-Nothing Democrats have approved more subpoenas to investigate President Trump than they have written …
I really enjoyed my conversation with General. He appreciates what we have done, and I appreciate what the Kurds have done. Perhaps it is time for the Kurds to start heading to the Oil Region!
The Oil Fields discussed in my speech on Turkey / Kurds yesterday were held by ISIS until the United States took them over with the help of the Kurds. We will NEVER let a reconstituted ISIS have those fields!
Thank you to House Republicans for being tough, smart, and understanding in detail the greatest Witch Hunt in American History. It has been going on since long before I even got Elected ( the Insurance Policy! ). A total Scam!
The Federal Reserve is derelict in its duties if it doesn’t lower the Rate and even, ideally, stimulate. Take a look around the World at our competitors. Germany and others are actually GETTING PAID to borrow money. Fed was way too fast to raise, and way too slow to cut!
Don’t hurt them please!
It is the only thing the Do Nothing Dems are doing!
Just a continuation of the Witch Hunt!
RT: Chairman Schiff interestingly reversed course on having the ' whistleblower ' testify * after * it was revealed that his of …
RT: If people scatter out of a room when you walk in & turn on the light, it begs the question: What are they hiding in there …
( Kiddingly ) We’re building a Wall in Colorado ” ( then stated, “we’re not building a Wall in Kansas but they get the benefit of the Wall we’re building on the Border” ) refered to people in the very packed auditorium, from Colorado & Kansas, getting the benefit of the Border Wall!
RT: Of Wisconsin’s 72 counties, 23 switched from voting for Obama in 2012 to Trump in 2016
RT:

PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! #SHALEINSIGHT2019
It was wonderful to be back in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania with the incredible Patriots who fuel our factories, light up our homes, power our industries and fill our hearts with true American Pride! #SHALEINSIGHT2019
It would be really great if the people within the Trump Administration, all well-meaning and good ( I hope! ), could stop hiring Never Trumpers, who are worse than the Do Nothing Democrats. Nothing good will ever come from them!
... Does anybody think this is fair? Even though there was no quid pro quo, I ’ m sure they would like to try. Worse than the Dems!
Never Trumper Republican John Bellinger, represents Never Trumper Diplomat Bill Taylor ( who I don’t know ), in testimony before Congress! Do Nothing Democrats allow Republicans Zero Representation, Zero due process, and Zero Transparency...
RT: 435 Members of the House. Only one knows who the “whistleblower” is and who their sources are:. Why?
RT: Democrats are trying to deny Republican Members of Congress access to Schiff's secret impeachment proceedings. What are t …
RT: Stepping out of Schiff’s dungeon for a quick update. Members and the thousands of constituents they represent have a …
The Never Trumper Republicans, though on respirators with not many left, are in certain ways worse and more dangerous for our Country than the Do Nothing Democrats. Watch out for them, they are human scum!
RT: It’s simple. The American people deserve transparency, yet House Democrats continue to ram through their impeachment investig …
RT: • Why don't we know who the whistleblower is? • Why is this so-called #impeachment " inquiry " being ran secretly in the ba …
RT: " Eight long years after President Obama's ill-fated push at regime change, U. S. troops are still on the ground in Syria. Mo …
RT: President just announced a major breakthrough toward achieving a better future for Syria and the Middle Ea …
Thank you General Mazloum for your kind words and courage. Please extend my warmest regards to the Kurdish people. I look forward to seeing you soon.
RT: GEN.Mazloum: 1 - I just spoke with President Trump and explained to him the Turkish violations of the truce that would not …
RT: GEN.Mazloum: 2. We THANK President Trump for his tireless efforts that stopped the brutal Turkish attack and jihadist grou …

Where’s the Whistleblower?
Big success on the Turkey / Syria Border. Safe Zone created! Ceasefire has held and combat missions have ended. Kurds are safe and have worked very nicely with us. Captured ISIS prisoners secured. I will be making a statement at 11:00 A. M. from the White House. Thank you!
Young campus Conservatives are flocking to Turning Point USA & other Conservative speaker events all over the Country, AND IN RECORD NUMBERS. Thousands of students are turning out. “ I just want to compliment the President of the United States for signing that historic Executive..
... Order a couple of months ago saying that any school that does not uphold the First Amendment Rights of its students will lose Federal Funding. We have seen a huge change in how the Universities interact with us as a national & local student organization. Our studends...
... feel EMPOWERED. There’s a movement happening on these campuses like I’ve never seen before. When you have 3000 students wanting to get into an event that couldn’t get in, that’s pretty remarkable! ” Turning Point USA KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
RT: I still have a lot more questions about #HunterBiden and his dealings in #Ukraine and #Russia. My video on …
RT: This #impeachment is not a constitutional process but an unprecedented #Democrat attack on a #Republican Thank …
Republicans are going to fight harder than ever to win back the House because of what the Do Nothing Democrats have done to our Country!
Neither he ( Taylor ) or any other witness has provided testimony that the Ukrainians were aware that military aid was being withheld. You can’t have a quid pro quo with no quo. ” Congressman John Ratcliffe Where is the Whistleblower? The Do Nothing Dems case is DEAD!
RT: Myth: Democrats aren’t impeaching because of politics. This is about Ukraine. Fact: Democrats introdu …
RT: The only value Hunter Biden brought to the table was access to his father, then-VP Joe Biden. Democrats and the media d …
RT: The movement has built is unlike anything we have ever seen. Tens of thousands came to Dallas to show …
RT: Since day one, the left has been on a mission to dispute, deny, and re-litigate the results of the 2016 election. They are …
RT: Remember when Democrats called the extra money in Americans ' wallets thanks to President ' s economic polici …
RT: “ I would like the Attorney General to find out what’s going on. We’re investigating corruption. I have an …
It never ends. The Do Nothing Dems are terrible!
RT: Love these Libs melting down because keeps surviving - maybe it’s because people are actually voting for him! He’s …
RT: The economy is booming, a fantastic trade deal is waiting for a vote, yet DC Democrats are only focused on their ridicul …
RT: Democrats think impeachment is their only hope for 2020. They will NEVER beat on policy or merit and they …
RT: Our movement is a movement unlike anything our country has seen! New video from captures just some of the excitement f …
RT:.: President has raised more money than any former President at this point in a campaign! …
Thank you Steve!
RT: Adam Schiff’s phony narrative has been “OBLITERATED” by testimony given to the House. “ There is nothing from anything t …
The Democrats Scam goes on and on! They Do Nothing!
The Witch Hunt continues!
The Do Nothing Dems have nothing but time!
RT:
RT: Visiting the Air Capital of the World with to meet hardworking students in programs training them to succeed in …
Wrong, never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway or Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News!
Wrong, never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway ot Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News!
Good news seems to be happening with respect to Turkey, Syria and the Middle East. Further reports to come later!
RT: “You’re doing an incredible job,” says to and during today’s #AllWomanSpacewalk. Tune in t …
RT: Fall is here! Come enjoy the beautiful White House Garden tours this weekend! Thank you to the for taking …
Great Job Tim!
RT: “Empowering half the world’s population to flourish in the market economy is the best way to boost growth.” #WGDP
RT: Pelosi & co. refuse to bring their inquiry to a vote because they have no serious interest in searching out truth and justi …
RT: Results that speak for themselves: Wage gains under President have eclipsed growth under the past two admi …
RT:., , &: " We can lower drug prices for seniors, workers, and families to help th …
RT: Immigration Hardliners Fight For Cuccinelli To Be Next DHS Secretary: NPR
“The Democrats are trying to draw out this inquiry because they don’t have the support. Donald Trump is guilty only of winning the 2016 Election.”
Can’t believe that Nervous Nancy Pelosi isn’t moving faster on USMCA. Her people want it, they don’t know why she isn’t putting it up for a bipartisan vote. Taking too long!
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Thank you Republicans. 185 out of 185 present voted for “US” last night. Really good!
So some day, if a Democrat becomes President and the Republicans win the House, even by a tiny margin, they can impeach the President, without due process or fairness or any legal rights. All Republicans must remember what they are witnessing here - a lynching. But we will WIN!
... “I want to know about Hillary Clinton with the Dossier? I want to know if there was FISA abuse? We’re still waiting for that report!”
... A majority do not want him Impeached and removed from office. 94 % of the people in these battleground states who voted for President Trump want him to continue as President. That’s squarely in his corner. ” “That’s a revealing poll, don’t you think that matters?”...
“I thought a very revealing poll was done by The New York Times. By about a 10 point margin, those in battleground states polled are against impeaching the President, and if Nancy Pelosi doesn’t take note of that, maybe she is the third rate politician.”
“The Ambassador to the European Union has already testified, he said there was no quid pro quo. He said the President had told him that.”
Congratulations to on a wonderful and hard fought victory. Canada is well served. I look forward to working with you toward the betterment of both of our countries!
RT: It’s been 1️⃣ year since President announced the new US-Mexico-Canada trade agreement. USMCA will be a w …
RT: As a cosponsor of the resolution to censure Rep. Adam Schiff, I was disappointed Nancy Pelosi did not even allow a vote o …
RT: It is disappointing that House Democrats blocked a vote to condemn and censure Chairman Adam Schiff for lying to the Amer …
RT: Tonight, I joined, , & in voting to censure Rep. Adam Schiff. Of course, Democrats …
RT: Lawmaker leading charge to censure Adam Schiff says he's engineering ' total political hit job ' on Trump
RT: Condemn Shifty Schiff. on House Republicans voting to censure Adam Schiff. #AmericaFirst #MAGA #Dobbs
RT: Adam Schiff has eliminated the access Republican HPSCI members have & has locked down depositions in a manner that is …
RT: RT realDonaldTrump " RT AmericaNewsroom: THE HEADLINER: Jim_Jordan comments on the latest in the impeachment inquiry as Re …
RT: After almost two months of making a huge deal about the #Whistleblower testimony that would actually #impeach …
RT: On Monday, I, along with the vast majority of my colleagues, will press forward with my motion to censure Ada …
RT: Adam Schiff goes for a physical. #Gutfeld
RT: Dems claim their scheme to impeach is fair. Here's the reality: - All done in secret - Led by proven-l …
RT: Adam Schiff tries to take a nap. #Gutfeld
RT: The resolution to #CensureSchiff failed on the floor tonight. I guess Democrats are okay with Adam Schiff: ▪ ️ Spreading …
RT: Adam Schiff may not have been held accountable tonight, but the American people are very much aware of his reckless dis …
Thank you Liz. Shows great Republican support!
RT: Nancy Pelosi and Adam Schiff have both become embarrassingly dishonest. They, along with the rest of the House Democrats, …
RT: THE HEADLINER: comments on the latest in the impeachment inquiry as Republicans prepare to file a motion t …
RT: COMING UP: I'm joining on to discuss tonight's vote on my motion to condemn and censur …
RT: I am proud to stand with my colleagues to demand transparency during this " impeachment inquiry. " Rep. Schiff has demonstrate …
RT: Adam Schiff must be held accountable for his lies. Tonight Republicans will move to censure & condemn him for deliberate …
Thank you Dan and Kevin. Great Vote!
Will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P. M. on. Enjoy!
Doral in Miami would have been the best place to hold the G - 7, and free, but too much heat from the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats & their Partner, the Fake News Media! I ’ m surprised that they allow me to give up my $ 400,000 Plus Presidential Salary! We’ll find someplace else!
Censure ( at least ) Corrupt Adam Schiff! After what he got caught doing, any pol who does not so vote cannot be honest... are you listening Dems?
Great new book by wonderful and very street smart author Dan Bongino, EXONERATED, THE FAILED TAKEDOWN OF PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP BY THE SWAMP. Dan hits all of the crooked points of the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Nevertheless, the Scam continues!
Thank you John, so nice!

RT: They still pretend they cannot see all of this, the are hypocrites we know... Keep up with the good work, you have my …

A Great Democrat Scam!
Adam Schiff is a Corrupt Politician!
RT: 🚨 IMPORTANT 🚨 This is the most crucial statistic of the 2020 election: Average American middle class household income: …
Congratulations Barbara!
RT: Since the election of President Trump, the U. S. has added 6.4 million jobs, including 500,000 in the #manufacturing sect …
RT: This action by the Commerce Department sends another clear message to the Cuban regime – that they must immediately ceas …
RT: It is ONLY about this!
RT: Republicans in the Congress should be asked: why have you allowed the State Department to become an arm of the Democrat …
“To the Democrats, Impeachment is partisan politics dressed up as principle.”
So interesting that, when I announced Trump National Doral in Miami would be used for the hosting of the G - 7, and then rescinded due to Do Nothing Democrat / Fake News Anger, very few in Media mentioned that NO PROFITS would be taken, or would be given FREE, if legally permissible!
This Scam going on right now by the Democrats against the Republican Party, and me, was all about a perfect phone call I had with the Ukrainian President. He’s already stated, NO PRESSURE! Where is the Whistleblower, or the 2nd Whistleblower, or the “informant?” All gone...
... because their so-called story didn’t come even close to matching up with the exact transcript of the phone call. Was it a Corrupt Adam Schiff con? Why didn’t the IG see this? When do we depose Shifty Schiff to find out why he fraudulently made up my phone call and read this..
... fiction to Congress and the American People? I demand his deposition. He is a fraud, just like the Russia Hoax was, and the Ukraine Hoax is now. When do the Do Nothing Democrats pay a price for what they are doing to our Country, & when do the Republicans finally fight back?
Pelosi is now leading a delegation of 9, including Corrupt Adam Schiff, to Jordan to check out Syria. She should find out why Obama drew The Red Line In the Sand, & then did NOTHING, losing Syria & all respect. I did something, 58 missiles. One million died under Obama’s mistake!


“The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with Kurds. U. S. soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zone. We have secured the Oil.” Mark Esper, Secretary of Defense. Ending endless wars!
Mark Esperanto, Secretary of Defense, “The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with the Kurds.” USA soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zones. We have secured the Oil. Bringing soldiers home!
The WALL is making a very big difference. Even Dems in area are happy!
RT: Promises MADE, Promises KEPT! #KeepAmericaGreat
RT: Thru #WGDP’s partnership w /, #WeFi, $ 2.6 Billion will be mobilized for women entrepreneurs in 26 developing cou …
RT:

RT:. is putting AMERICA FIRST!
So now Crooked Hillary is at it again! She is calling Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard “a Russian favorite, ” and Jill Stein “ a Russian asset.” As you may have heard, I was called a big Russia lover also ( actually, I do like Russian people. I like all people! ). Hillary’s gone Crazy!
Never give up. We are doing GREAT! We are WINNING!
... Therefore, based on both Media & Democrat Crazed and Irrational Hostility, we will no longer consider Trump National Doral, Miami, as the Host Site for the G - 7 in 2020. We will begin the search for another site, including the possibility of Camp David, immediately. Thank you!

I thought I was doing something very good for our Country by using Trump National Doral, in Miami, for hosting the G - 7 Leaders. It is big, grand, on hundreds of acres, next to MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, has tremendous ballrooms & meeting rooms, and each delegation would have...
... its own 50 to 70 unit building. Would set up better than other alternatives. I announced that I would be willing to do it at NO PROFIT or, if legally permissible, at ZERO COST to the USA. But, as usual, the Hostile Media & their Democrat Partners went CRAZY!
RT: Media ignoring Bidens ' Ukraine dealings to protect ex-VP, Corey Lewandowski alleges | Fox News
“The President never told me to withhold any money until the Ukrainians did anything related to the server. The only reason we were holding the money was because of concern about LACK OF SUPPORT FROM OTHER NATIONS and CONCERNS OVER CORRUPTION.” Yesterday’s Mick Mulvaney statement
RT: Will these parties that disregarded the laws and statutes that protect Americans be held to justice?
See you there!
RT: “ On their farms, when something needs to get done, our dairy farmers don’t hem and haw, they don’t drag their feet and they d …

Crooked Hillary Clinton just called the respected environmentalist and Green Party candidate, Jill Stein, a “Russian Asset.” They need a Green Party more than ever after looking at the Democrats disastrous environmental program!
RT: We've seen a huge spike in enthusiasm since Democrats like Elissa Slotkin and Haley Stevens backed Pelosi's bogus impeac …
RT: Amidst the political noise, it’s important to ask yourself: " If Congress wasn’t so focused on impeachment, what else co …
RT: While Dems in Congress have been trying to overturn the will of the American people by reversing Election Day 2016, our Admin will …
It is ONLY about this!
RT: Ahhh good times. Happy third anniversary to one of the great comebacks of all time.
Just another FAKE SUPPRESSION POLL, this time from, of course!
RT: NEW: US State Dept. has completed its internal investigation into former Sec. Clinton's use of private email and found violati …
RT: It's no surprise that far-left Democrats like Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Illhan Omar support Senator Bernie Sanders for Presiden …
RT: I’ve sat through EVERY interview so far of this so called “impeachment inquiry” & the President hasn’t done anything to p …
. Thank you Tom. Great interview on!
A Great Book by Kimberley Strassel!
RT: Here is a LONG and rather revealing interview I did w / at the Foundation's podcast! A …
RT: NO MORE VOTER FRAUD: President announces 1.59 million ineligible voters to be removed from Cal …
RT: Nancy Pelosi only cares about her witch hunt, not working for the American people. It’s time for Pelosi to put the #USM …
RT: Everything is bigger in Texas – even a rally! Awesome crowd!
RT: " There is a reason President enjoys over 90 % approval among Republicans: He is doing exactly what he sa …
RT: “ Our country is once again living by two simple rules: buy American and hire American. The economy is booming. Our peopl …
RT: “The radical Democrats want to destroy America as we know it.” – We won’t let that happen!
RT: Once again, the mainstream media keeps moving the goalposts to attack. Must-watch breakdown of the me …
RT: “The people of this country know what the Dems are doing. They’re tired of it.” -
RT: Latinos across America are fired up to re – elect! ¡ Latinos alrededor de los Estados Unidos están motivados …
RT: “ [ ] has been in office for 3 years. He has sustained an energy and a momentum that we have never seen, and his sup …
“I don’t see anything that constitutes an Impeachable offense - Nothing here rises to the level of Impeachment. The Democrats are making a mistake with this secrecy.” Kenn Starr, former Special Prosecutor
RT: Free Beacon Reminds Us of Lefty Double Standard Between Brewer, Pelosi Finger Wags
RT: The Obama Administration asked Ukraine to investigate Trump when he was a private citizen Where were the MSM attacks th …
RT: Obama foreign policy: — Let Syria cross his “red line” — Hillary’s Failed Russian Reset — $ 150 Billion in cash to our en …
RT: The Democrats are trying to conduct their “impeachment” inquiry in secret. We’ll see about that...
RT: Democrat anger has grown so irrational that it has burst through the constitutional guardrails which protect our institut …
RT: Shouldn’t these stories contain the obligatory phrase “without evidence,” as the so often do when it’s Trump making the accus …
Thank you very much. Working hard!
I agree!
Texas is great!
RT: Coup update.
RT: HUGE: HUNDREDS of Security Violations Tied to Clinton Emails; CRIME? - Deep State Enemies List Targets Family …
RT: Coup Update
There has never been a greater fraud on Congress. Shifty Schiff is Corrupt. Go Andy!
RT:. is now scheduling 2 witnesses a day and plans to conduct those depositions simultaneously. How can Members …
Such a disgrace that the Do Nothing Democrats are doing just as their name suggests, Doing Nothing! USMCA anyone?
#StopTheCoup
RT: One pro-Trump demonstrator just began hounding over the impeachment inquiry:
RT: Feeling bad for this intern...
RT: Here’s the scene outside of Speaker Pelosi’s office:
RT: Today is the day we #MarchforTrump! While some may be trying to sabotage our efforts, we will not be deterred. We wil …
RT: Tomorrow ” Women for America First ” will be marching around D. C. & roaming the halls of the Capitol trying to find Pelosi, S …
Susan Rice, who was a disaster to President Obama as National Security Advisor, is now telling us her opinion on what to do in Syria. Remember RED LINE IN THE SAND? That was Obama. Millions killed! No thanks Susan, you were a disaster.
Pelosi and Impeachment - There have already been 3 Votes, and they’ve all failed miserably. Here’s why there may not be a fourth - 137 Democrats voted against on the last vote. ” Many of those voting in favor will be beaten in 2020!
Congressman Michael McCaul, “Schiff’s inquiry defies Democracy.”
“Because the House has already voted against the Impeachment Proceeding, the current inquiry is totally invalid. The current sham of a so-called investigation is nothing more than an unconstitutional power grab. It needs to end.” Corrupt Adam Schiff
Corrupt Congressman Adam Schiff is angry that Ambassadors that he thought would be good for his fraudulent Witch Hunt, are turning out to be good for me - some really good! He’s got all meetings locked down, no transparency, only his illegal leaks. A very dishonest sleazebag!

Think of how many lives we saved in Syria and Turkey by getting a ceasefire yesterday. Thousands and thousands, and maybe many more!

... He is also my friend! At the same time, I am pleased to nominate Deputy Secretary Dan Brouillette to be the new Secretary of Energy. Dan’s experience in the sector is unparalleled. A total professional, I have no doubt that Dan will do a great job!
I want to thank Secretary of Energy Rick Perry for the outstanding job he has done. He will be leaving at the end of the year to pursue other interests. Rick was a great Governor of Texas and a great Secretary of Energy...
Can you believe I am doing this important work for our Country, and have to deal with Corrupt Adam Schiff and the Do Nothing Democrats at the same time? It was not intended to be this way for a President!
DEFEAT TERRORISM!
Just spoke to President of Turkey. He told me there was minor sniper and mortar fire that was quickly eliminated. He very much wants the ceasefire, or pause, to work. Likewise, the Kurds want it, and the ultimate solution, to happen. Too bad there wasn’t...
... this thinking years ago. Instead, it was always held together with very weak bandaids, & in an artificial manner. There is good will on both sides & a really good chance for success. The U. S. has secured the Oil, & the ISIS Fighters are double secured by Kurds & Turkey...
... I have just been notified that some European Nations are now willing, for the first time, to take the ISIS Fighters that came from their nations. This is good news, but should have been done after WE captured them. Anyway, big progress being made!!!
RT: POTUS discovers a ⁦ ⁩ bag
RT: The ⁦ Trump ⁩ ribbon cutting. “Louis Vuitton... cost me a lot of money over the years” said the President.
The USA!
RT: So here I am at the ⁩ factory with the LV cattle in the LV fields in Johnson County, Texas for the POTUS ribbo …
RT:. is one of more than 350 companies delivering on the Pledge to America’s Workers. Thank you for investing in th …
RT: #TrumpRallyDallas #KAG2020
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream! #KAG2020
Tonight, we forcefully condemn the blatant corruption of the Democrat Party, the Fake News Media, and the rogue bureaucrats of the Deep State. The only message these radicals will understand is a crushing defeat on November 3, 2020! #KAG2020
The radical left tolerates no dissent, it permits no opposition, it accepts no compromise, and it has absolutely no respect for the will of the American People. They are coming after me, because I am fighting for YOU! #TrumpRallyDallas #KAG2020
Thank you Dallas, Texas - I love you! #TrumpRallyDallas #KAG2020
Just arrived at the American Airlines Center in Dallas, Texas. Will be out shortly as we wait for more of you to get in! #TRUMP2020
See you soon Dallas, Texas!
RT: Dallas, Texas crowd is getting ready for with a little YMCA ‼ ️
This is a great day for civilization. I am proud of the United States for sticking by me in following a necessary, but somewhat unconventional, path. People have been trying to make this “Deal” for many years. Millions of lives will be saved. Congratulations to ALL!
This deal could NEVER have been made 3 days ago. There needed to be some “tough” love in order to get it done. Great for everybody. Proud of all!
Great news out of Turkey. News Conference shortly with and. Thank you to. Millions of lives will be saved!
This number, based on the Economy & how well our Country is doing, would potentially be 75 % if not for the Fake News & Phony Witch Hunt. 95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party!
RT: House Democrats are engaged in “Soviet style” tactics in their effort to attack. So true, …
RT: Voters are rejecting the Dems’ baseless obstruction & socialist agenda, and they’re making their voices heard loud & clear. Su …
As the Witch Hunt continues!
The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History!
RT: Years of BAD GOVERNMENT, such a sorry thing to see!
RT: “ About 500,000 human beings were killed in Syria while Barack Obama was president & leading for a “ political settlemen …
RT: I am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops & bring them home from the ridiculous & costly Endless …
My warmest condolences to the family and many friends of Congressman Elijah Cummings. I got to see first hand the strength, passion and wisdom of this highly respected political leader. His work and voice on so many fronts will be very hard, if not impossible, to replace!
RT: THANK YOU, WORKING HARD!
RT: FAKE NEWS!
RT: Nancy Pelosi needs help fast! There is either something wrong with her “upstairs,” or she just plain doesn’t like our …
This is the real story. Thank you Jim!
RT: Washington Democrats have been engaged in a three-year-long impeachment parade in search of a rationale. Prominent House …
RT: Already, House Democrats’ impeachment “inquiry” is violating norms and precedent. They are denying Republicans and Presid …
RT: Speaker Pelosi is still blocking the USMCA, a major trade deal that would create 176,000 new American jobs. Senate Democr …
I am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops & bring them home from the ridiculous & costly Endless Wars, and be scorned. Democrats always liked that position, until I took it. Democrats always liked Walls, until I built them. Do you see what’s happening here?
“About 500,000 human beings were killed in Syria while Barack Obama was president & leading for a “ political settlement ” to that civil war. Media has been more outraged in the last 72 hours over our Syria policy than they were at any point during 7 years of slaughter.” BuckSexton
RT: Congress never voted to send troops to Syria, but in five minutes we will be voting on a resolution that disapproves o …
RT: People all across the country should be alarmed. Pelosi and Schiff are trying to impeach behind closed …

Hope all House Republicans, and honest House Democrats, will vote to CENSURE Rep. Adam Schiff tomorrow for his brazen and unlawful act of fabricating ( making up ) a totally phony conversation with the Ukraine President and U. S. President, me. Most have never seen such a thing!
“What has happened here with the Anthony Wiener laptop, the Server, all of the Emails between Huma Abedin and Hillary Clinton, the deleted Clinton Emails - what is going on?” Joe D & Victoria T!
THANK YOU you Dallas, Texas. See you tomorrow night at the American Airlines Center! #TRUMP2020
“This President is the most patriotic President I’ve seen in many years. He is going to do what is good for Americans.” Congressman Brian Babin, Texas. Thank you Brian!
Nancy Pelosi needs help fast! There is either something wrong with her “upstairs,” or she just plain doesn’t like our great Country. She had a total meltdown in the White House today. It was very sad to watch. Pray for her, she is a very sick person!
RT: 95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Just won two Congressional Seats in North Carolina, & a Gover …
The Do Nothing Democrats, Pelosi and Schumer stormed out of the Cabinet Room!
Nervous Nancy's unhinged meltdown!
Do you think they like me?
RT:. was measured & decisive today. walking out was baffling but not surprising w NO intention of …
I ’ m fighting for the American people, but the Democrats’sole focus is fighting against ME with their fraudulent Witch Hunt. Go to and tell Democrats in Congress that Enough is Enough!
THANK YOU, WORKING HARD!
Guatemala, Honduras & El Salvador have all signed historic Asylum Cooperation Agreements and are working to end the scourge of human smuggling. To further accelerate this progress, the U. S. will shortly be approving targeted assistance in the areas of law enforcement & security.
Senator Rand Paul just wrote a great book, “The Case Against Socialism” which is now out. Highly recommended – as America was founded on LIBERTY & INDEPENDENCE – not government coercion, domination & control. We were born free, and will stay free, as long as I am your President!
Republicans are totally deprived of their rights in this Impeachment Witch Hunt. No lawyers, no questions, no transparency! The good news is that the Radical Left Dems have No Case. It is all based on their Fraud and Fabrication!
Our record Economy would CRASH, just like in 1929, if any of those clowns became President!
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Just won two Congressional Seats in North Carolina, & a Governors runoff in Louisiana, which Republicans should now win! Because of Impeachment Fraud, we will easily take back the House, add in the Senate, & again win Pres!
“What is happening to President Trump with Impeachment is a Constitutional Travesty.” The likes of which we have never seen before. It is Adam Schiff and Nancy Pelosi who should be impeached for fraud!
You would think there is NO WAY that any of the Democrat Candidates that we witnessed last night could possibly become President of the United States. Now you see why they have no choice but to push a totally illegal & absurd Impeachment of one of the most successful Presidents!
We now have the greatest Economy in history!
A great group of Champions!
Looks good to me!
RT: Just out: MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME IS AT THE HIGHEST POINT EVER, EVER, EVER! How about saying it this way, IN THE HISTO …
RT: Democrats are allowing no transparency at the Witch Hunt hearings. If Republicans ever did this they would be excoriat …
RT: As Hispanic Heritage Month wraps up, please see my interview with ⁦ ⁩ about the #TrumpBoom and the benefits fo …
RT: Great new book just released by ⁦ ⁩. The Case Against Socialism - Rand Paul - Hardcover. Pick up your copy today …
Shifty Adam Schiff wants to rest his entire case on a Whistleblower who he now says can’t testify, & the reason he can’t testify is that he is afraid to do so because his account of the Presidential telephone call is a fraud & totally different from the actual transcribed call...
... It also brings Shifty’s fraudulent MADE UP CALL, which he read to the United States Congress pretending it to be the words of President Trump, which they were not! Nancy Pelosi is involved in this fraud in that she confirmed his fraudulent words on, and much more!

The amazing comeback reminds us to never give up – and never lose faith. When you work hard, support each other, believe in yourself, and give it everything you’ve got, victory is always within reach! #STLBlues
Congratulations!
Now that we have found out that is a virtual fraud, rumor has it that Jeff Zucker will be resigining momentarily?
Join me in Dallas, Texas this Thursday ( October 17th ) at the American Airlines Center! #KAG2020 Tickets:
Mississippi, there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee,. Tate is strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment...
... He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Get out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Just out: MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME IS AT THE HIGHEST POINT EVER, EVER, EVER! How about saying it this way, IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! Also, MORE PEOPLE WORKING TODAY IN THE USA THAN AT ANY TIME IN HISTORY! Tough numbers for the Radical Left Democrats to beat! Impeach the Pres.
Governor has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement, and always has!
Hunter Biden was really bad on. Now Sleepy Joe has real problems! Reminds me of Crooked Hillary and her 33,000 deleted Emails, not recoverable!
Democrats are allowing no transparency at the Witch Hunt hearings. If Republicans ever did this they would be excoriated by the Fake News. Let the facts come out from the charade of people, most of whom I do not know, they are interviewing for 9 hours each, not selective leaks.
“Project Veritas-Obtained Undercover Videos Highlight Jeff Zucker’s ( ) Campaign To Destroy Trump. Videos Reveal’s BIAS!” Does this sound like a good, or even great, lawsuit?
A big scandal at News. They got caught using really gruesome FAKE footage of the Turks bombing in Syria. A real disgrace. Tomorrow they will ask softball questions to Sleepy Joe Biden’s son, Hunter, like why did Ukraine & China pay you millions when you knew nothing? Payoff?
Shifty Schiff now seems to think they don’t need the Whistleblower, who started the whole Scam. The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcript. Also, the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!
Shifty Schiff now seems to think they don’t need the Whistleblower, who started the whole Scam. The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcrpt. Also, the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!
Statement from President Donald J. Trump Regarding Turkey’s Actions in Northeast Syria
Some people want the United States to protect the 7,000 mile away Border of Syria, presided over by Bashar al-Assad, our enemy. At the same time, Syria and whoever they chose to help, wants naturally to protect the Kurds...
... I would much rather focus on our Southern Border which abuts and is part of the United States of America. And by the way, numbers are way down and the WALL is being built!
... and Assad to protect the land of our enemy? Anyone who wants to assist Syria in protecting the Kurds is good with me, whether it is Russia, China, or Napoleon Bonaparte. I hope they all do great, we are 7,000 miles away!
After defeating 100 % of the ISIS Caliphate, I largely moved our troops out of Syria. Let Syria and Assad protect the Kurds and fight Turkey for their own land. I said to my Generals, why should we be fighting for Syria...
“ To his credit the Europeans didn't step up to deal with this ISIS problem – it’s a lot of the reason why we are in this situation today. Now, Angela Merkel of Germany is finally stepping up and telling Turkey to back off...
... Don't the Europeans have a lot of responsibility? ” Thank you Katie, I offered ISIS prisoners to the European countries from where they came, and was rejected on numerous occasions. They probably figured that the U. S. would bear the tremendous cost as always!
Great new book, " Resistance ( At All Costs ): How Trump Haters Are Breaking America " out by Kimberley Strassel of the Wall Street Journal. Kim has treated us fairly, and for that I am very appreciative. Check it out today, it is great!
... of the correction which they knew about full well! “Fox News Pollster Braun Research Misrepresented Impeachment Poll: Analysis”
The Fox Impeachment poll has turned out to be incorrect. This was announced on Friday. Despite this, the Corrupt New York Times used this poll in one of its stories, no mention...
America First!
RT: 5G networks could be active in 2 to 3 years: Cisco CEO
Wow! Hunter Biden is being forced to leave a Chinese Company. Now watch the Fake News wrap their greasy and very protective arms around him. Only softball questions of him please!
Will be looking into the Scott Hapgood case, and the Island of Anguilla. Something looks and sounds very wrong. I know Anguilla will want to see this case be properly and justly resolved!
Vote for good guy tonight on Dancing With The Stars. He has always been there for us!



Happy Columbus Day!
The same people who got us into the Middle East mess are the people who most want to stay there!
Brian Kilmeade over at got it all wrong. We are not going into another war between people who have been fighting with each other for 200 years. Europe had a chance to get their ISIS prisoners, but didn’t want the cost. “Let the USA pay,” they said...
... Kurds may be releasing some to get us involved. Easily recaptured by Turkey or European Nations from where many came, but they should move quickly. Big sanctions on Turkey coming! Do people really think we should go to war with NATO Member Turkey? Never ending wars will end!
Former Democrat Senator Harry Reid just stated that Donald Trump is very smart, much more popular than people think, is underestimated, and will be hard to beat in the 2020 Election. Thank you Harry, I agree!
Adam Schiff now doesn’t seem to want the Whistleblower to testify. NO! Must testify to explain why he got my Ukraine conversation sooo wrong, not even close. Did Schiff tell him to do that? We must determine the Whistleblower’s identity to determine WHY this was done to the USA..
... Democrat’s game was foiled when we caught Schiff fraudulently making up my Ukraine conversation, when I released the exact conversation Transcript, and when Ukrainian President and the Foreign Minister said there was NO PRESSURE, very normal talk! A total Impeachment Scam!
“The Democrats are trashing this President, & in the process, trashing the U. S. Constitution. Frankly, the American People need to wake up to the reality that the Democrats are so drunk on power that they’re willing to destroy this Constitutional Republic.”
RT: “Congressman Adam Schiff, who when seeing the REAL Ukraine phone call Transcript decided he’ d better make up one of hi …
RT:... BY THE WAY, DON ’ T CALL ME AGAIN, I ’ LL CALL YOU WHEN YOU ’ VE DONE WHAT I ’ VE ASKED. ’ ” A reminder, that wasn’t just s …
“Serial killers get more Due Process than the Democrats give to the President of the United States.”
Somebody please explain to Chris Wallace of Fox, who will never be his father ( and my friend ), Mike Wallace, that the Phone Conversation I had with the President of Ukraine was a congenial & good one. It was only Schiff’s made up version of that conversation that was bad!
The U. S. has the worst of the ISIS prisoners. Turkey and the Kurds must not let them escape. Europe should have taken them back after numerous requests. They should do it now. They will never come to, or be allowed in, the United States!
. on is doing a big show tonight on the Democrat’s Impeachment Scam. 10:00 P. M. No guests, just Mark. He is angry ( like so many others! ). At 9:00 P. M. on, Steve Hilton is looking into the Crooked Bidens. Where’s Hunter?
“Congressman Adam Schiff, who when seeing the REAL Ukraine phone call Transcript decided he ’ d better make up one of his own. ‘ I’ m going to say this only SEVEN times, so you better listen good. I want you to MAKE UP DIRT ON MY POLITICAL OPPONENT, UNDERSTAND, LOTS OF IT, AND...
... BY THE WAY, DON ’ T CALL ME AGAIN, I ’ LL CALL YOU WHEN YOU ’ VE DONE WHAT I ’ VE ASKED. ’ ” A reminder, that wasn’t just stupid, it was FALSE. ” I never said this. Schiff made it up and read it to Congress & the American People. End Witch Hunt!
CHINA HAS ALREADY BEGUN AGRICULTURAL PURCHASES FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS & RANCHERS!
My deal with China is that they will IMMEDIATELY start buying very large quantities of our Agricultural Product, not wait until the deal is signed over the next 3 or 4 weeks. THEY HAVE ALREADY STARTED! Likewise financial services and other deal aspects, start preparing...
... I agreed not to increase Tariffs from 25 % to 30 % on October 15th. They will remain at 25 %. The relationship with China is very good. We will finish out the large Phase One part of the deal, then head directly into Phase Two. The Phase One Deal can be finalized & signed soon!
The Democrats are going to lose a lot of House Seats because of their Fraudulent use of Impeachment. Schiff fabricated phone call, a crime. Democrat Senate Seats will also be put at risk, even some that were supposedly safe. Look at Louisiana last night, North Carolina last week!
Happy Birthday!
We have become a far greater Economic Power than ever before, and we are using that power for WORLD PEACE!
Where’s Hunter? He has totally disappeared! Now looks like he has raided and scammed even more countries! Media is AWOL.
Dealing with and many members of Congress, including Democrats, about imposing powerful Sanctions on Turkey. Treasury is ready to go, additional legislation may be sought. There is great consensus on this. Turkey has asked that it not be done. Stay tuned!
Do you remember two years ago when Iraq was going to fight the Kurds in a different part of Syria. Many people wanted us to fight with the Kurds against Iraq, who we just fought for. I said no, and the Kurds left the fight, twice. Now the same thing is happening with Turkey...
... The Kurds and Turkey have been fighting for many years. Turkey considers the PKK the worst terrorists of all. Others may want to come in and fight for one side or the other. Let them! We are monitoring the situation closely. Endless Wars!
Very smart not to be involved in the intense fighting along the Turkish Border, for a change. Those that mistakenly got us into the Middle East Wars are still pushing to fight. They have no idea what a bad decision they have made. Why are they not asking for a Declaration of War?
The Media is not talking about the big Republican victory last night in Louisiana where a sitting Democrat Governor was forced into a runoff by not getting 50 %. Big upset! Now, who will be a great Governor, will win!
A despicable human being!
Congratulations to the Great State of Louisiana. A big night. You will soon have a new and wonderful Governor,. Your Taxes and Car Insurance Payments will go DOWN!
RT: CA Republicans tried to repeal new gas tax. Unfortunately Dem / Socialists / Media rejected it. Now we pay the price here in CA …
RT: Did Mueller lie to Congress about meeting with Trump before he took the special counsel job? | Fox News ⁦ ⁩ ht …
RT: Thanks Brian!
RT:
The same people that got us into the Middle East Quicksand, 8 Trillion Dollars and many thousands of lives ( and millions of lives when you count the other side ), are now fighting to keep us there. Don’t listen to people that haven’t got a clue. They have proven to be inept!
The Governor of Louisiana, John Bel Edwards, has done a poor job. NOW HE IS IN A RUNOFF WITH A GREAT REPUBLICAN,. Thank you Louisiana! 66 % down to 47 % after I explained what a bad job the Governor was doing.
The Endless Wars Must End!
RT:
Start thinking about getting bigger tractors!
That is the real story!
RT: There has been a lot of noise since decided to call for impeachment before having the facts. Here are a few …
RT: Why won’t Democrats focus on helping the country, instead of attacking the President with this unfair and partisan process?
RT: Why won’t the media ask these questions to or?
Happy National Farmers Day!
RT: “Lockdown”?? #FakeNews gave me unprecedented access at State this week. Answered all my questions about Ukrai …


So now they are after the legendary “crime buster” and greatest Mayor in the history of NYC, Rudy Giuliani. He may seem a little rough around the edges sometimes, but he is also a great guy and wonderful lawyer. Such a one sided Witch Hunt going on in USA. Deep State. Shameful!
Louisiana, get out and vote REPUBLICAN before going to the big game today. A runoff will be a tremendous win for your Great State - lower taxes and car insurance, and better protection of your 2nd Amendment! Fantastic being with you last night!
The deal I just made with China is, by far, the greatest and biggest deal ever made for our Great Patriot Farmers in the history of our Country. In fact, there is a question as to whether or not this much product can be produced? Our farmers will figure it out. Thank you China!
... Other aspects of the deal are also great - technology, financial services, 16-20 Billion in Boeing Planes etc., but WOW, the Farmers really hit pay dirt! Thank you to all Republicans in Congress for your invaluable help!
The case of Major Mathew Golsteyn is now under review at the White House. Mathew is a highly decorated Green Beret who is being tried for killing a Taliban bombmaker. We train our boys to be killing machines, then prosecute them when they kill!
“Schiff aides worked with Whistleblower.” Schiff is a lying mess!
LOUISIANA — Tomorrow, you will head to the polls and VOTE to REPLACE Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor! Get out and vote for either or ( BOTH GREAT )!
Louisiana REPUBLICANS, thank you for a great evening. Get out TOMORROW and VOTE REPUBLICAN! Send the Radical Democrat establishment a loud and clear message that you are going to FIRE your Democrat Governor, John Bel Edwards and send a Great Republican to the Governor’s Mansion!
“I never saw so many subpoenas!” The Democrats have gone Crazy. Just read the Transcript, or listen to the New Ukraine President’s statement, NO PRESSURE! This is a Democrat Con Job. Impeach Schiff for FRAUD!
So funny to watch Steve Kerr grovel and pander when asked a simple question about China. He chocked, and looks weak and pathetic. Don’t want him at the White House!
WHERE’S HUNTER?
RT: Just landed in Louisiana! Vote against John Bel Edwards, he has the worst jobs record in the United States. Louisiana …
RT: President has arrived at the James E. Sudduth Coliseum in Lake Charles, Louisiana. Get out TOMORROW and VO …
RT: Thank you Kevin McAleenan for your dedication and service to our country! You have done great work securing our border and we are t …
RT: Biden's Ukraine warning 👇
RT: President Trump departing the shortly for Louisiana!
Is he leaving due to bad ratings, or some other less important reason?
Just landed in Louisiana! Vote against John Bel Edwards, he has the worst jobs record in the United States. Louisiana will do much better by electing a REPUBLICAN. See everyone soon!
... Congratulations Kevin, on a job well done! I will be announcing the new Acting Secretary next week. Many wonderful candidates!
Kevin McAleenan has done an outstanding job as Acting Secretary of Homeland Security. We have worked well together with Border Crossings being way down. Kevin now, after many years in Government, wants to spend more time with his family and go to the private sector...
RT: Women are absolutely critical to the National Security of a Nation & need to be brought to the negotiating table during pe …
A terrible and very dishonest person!
RT: President has authorized a new executive order giving, in consultation with himself and …
RT: McCabe's admission...
RT: We love you, THANK YOU! #LESM
RT: NFL FLASHBACK
Really good news!
RT: The old barriers along our southern border were built to defend against vehicle crossings — and not much else. How comprehen …
RT: Being in contact with a key witness and then lying about it renders Adam Schiff unqualified to lead a fair and just inqu …
RT: " It breaks my heart every time I speak to one of these victims. " can intervene before preventable crimes happen by …
RT: #HANNITY: Sean lays out what’s REALLY behind the Dems’ impeachment hysteria and all of their phony witch hunts. Watch! htt …
RT: Collins RIPS Dems: “ Conducting an impeachment investigation behind closed doors isn’t just unprecedented — it’s un-American. …
So Great!
RT: In Kansas City today, Gov. Mike Parson, U. S. Sen, presidential advisor, Secretary Alex Azar and …
RT: Really?
RT: New survey reveals that 45 % of adults find it hard to make new friends — the average adult has not made a new friend in 5 …
RT: The White House Refuses to ‘Legitimize’the ‘ Illegitimate’ Impeachment Inquiry
RT: ✔ 13,000 new construction jobs ✔ 3,000 new manufacturing jobs ✔ Jobless rate down from 4 % to 3.3 % Minnesotans are winning …
RT: We are striving to ensure all hard-working Americans have access to high-quality, affordable childcare. Thank you ⁦ …
RT: Trump Doral to host political fest with Trump, Jr., Sarah Sanders and Corey Lewandowski - News - The Palm Beach Post - W …
RT: USMCA updates NAFTA to achieve goals that Democrats have long claimed to support. So what’s the holdup? Yesterday, had …
RT: President arrives at the Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota for a MASSIVE TRUMP RALLY. Speechless — t …
A Giant Scam!
Amazing Evening!
RT: #USMCA will build on the strong economy, benefitting farmers, small businesses, and manufacturers across the country. …
RT: “We’re just waiting on Congress...” – Jed Clark, Kentucky Farmer Farmers in Kentucky and all across America are waiting for …
The Do Nothing Democrats. Thanks Vicky!
Do you believe this? A total Scam!
RT: More overflow tonight. WOW! #TrumpMinneapolis #KAG2020
RT:
RT: 🚨 Happening Now ‼ ️ #TrumpMinneapolis #KAG2020
RT: Tune in this morning at 9AM ⬇ ️
RT: I have accepted an offer to join the Advisory Board. I think this an important added role for me to take on. …
RT: ✅ Median household income is at a record high ✅ The average household saw a $ 1400 tax cut ✅ Unemployment has fallen to 3.5 % …
RT: USMCA passage, China deal should be ‘a one-two punch’: Rep. Tom Reed
RT: MAGA in Minnesota!
A great evening in beautiful Minnesota!
What a disgraceful legal system for this guy to still be around after all of these years. A vicious killer who destroyed so many great people & families!
RT: Thank you for Pledging to providing 100,000 retraining scholarships over the next 5 yrs in ⬇ ▪ ️Artificial intellig …
RT: National Security Adviser Robert O'Brien: “ We made this very clear to President Erdogan early on that the invasion of Syria …
Will be with our two GREAT Senators, &, tonight in Louisiana. These two hard working, really smart men, love their Country and love their State. We will hopefully add a Great New Republican Governor to the beautiful Louisiana mix! See you tonight!
One of the great things about the China Deal is the fact that, for various reasons, we do not have to go through the very long and politically complex Congressional Approval Process. When the deal is fully negotiated, I sign it myself on behalf of our Country. Fast and Clean!
I will be in Louisiana tonight ( Love it! ) to get Republicans to vote for either of our two great Republican Candidates and force a run off with John Bel Edwards, who has done a really poor job of tax cutting, car insurance cost ( worst in USA ), & is suspect on your 2nd Amendment!
Good things are happening at China Trade Talk Meeting. Warmer feelings than in recent past, more like the Old Days. I will be meeting with the Vice Premier today. All would like to see something significant happen!
Over the next 13 months, we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul – and we are going to win the Great State of Minnesota in 2020! #TrumpMinneapolis #KAG2020
A GREAT evening in Minneapolis, Minnesota with incredible American Patriots. THANK YOU!
The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership. The United States stands by that statement and stands by. This article is FAKE NEWS!
The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership. The United States stands by that statement and stands by. This article is FAKE NEWS!
WOW, THANK YOU Minneapolis, Minnesota — on my way! #KAG2020
We defeated 100 % of the ISIS Caliphate and no longer have any troops in the area under attack by Turkey, in Syria. We did our job perfectly! Now Turkey is attacking the Kurds, who have been fighting each other for 200 years...
... We have one of three choices: Send in thousands of troops and win Militarily, hit Turkey very hard Financially and with Sanctions, or mediate a deal between Turkey and the Kurds!


Big day of negotiations with China. They want to make a deal, but do I? I meet with the Vice Premier tomorrow at The White House.
Why isn’t the IG investigating his so-called Whistleblower? All bad info!
The President of the Ukraine just stated again, in the strongest of language, that President Trump applied no pressure and did absolutely nothing wrong. He used the strongest language possible. That should end this Democrat Scam, but it won’t, because the Dems & Media are FIXED!
Thank you to One America News for your fair coverage and brilliant reporting. It is appreciated by many people trying so hard to find a new, consistent and powerful VOICE! See you tonight at the Big Rally in Minneapolis.
... the area and start a new war all over again. Turkey is a member of NATO. Others say STAY OUT, let the Kurds fight their own battles ( even with our financial help ). I say hit Turkey very hard financially & with sanctions if they don’t play by the rules! I am watching closely.
Turkey has been planning to attack the Kurds for a long time. They have been fighting forever. We have no soldiers or Military anywhere near the attack area. I am trying to end the ENDLESS WARS. Talking to both sides. Some want us to send tens of thousands of soldiers to...
RT: See you soon in Kansas City, Missouri!
RT: Today " You can always impeach if you are in the majority and if you want to commit suicide & that's what …
RT: " This is not an impeachment. This is a coup " - " the left hates trump that inc …
Where is Hunter Biden? He has disappeared while the Fake News protects his Crooked daddy!
... Court Justice & I turned him down ( he’s been terrible ever since ), Shep Smith, ( who gave Crooked Hillary the debate questions & got fired from ), & others, doesn’t deliver for US anymore. It is so different than it used to be. Oh well, I ’ m President!
From the day I announced I was running for President, I have NEVER had a good Poll. Whoever their Pollster is, they suck. But is also much different than it used to be in the good old days. With people like Andrew Napolitano, who wanted to be a Supreme...
“Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky told reporters Thursday his controversial July call with President Trump involved no bribe, blackmail or quid pro quo, as impeachment-minded Democrats claim.” This should immediately end the talk of impeachment!
In case the Kurds or Turkey lose control, the United States has already taken the 2 ISIS militants tied to beheadings in Syria, known as the Beetles, out of that country and into a secure location controlled by the U. S. They are the worst of the worst!
Impeached for what, having created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country, building our strongest ever Military, Cutting Taxes too much?
A different take!
RT: President Trump criticizes Steve Kerr and Gregg Popovich — both vocal critics of Trump — when asked about China putting pr …
“I don’t think it’s a Whistleblower at all. I think this is an anonymous source for the Democratic Staff in the House of Representatives. This is an insult to real Whistleblowers. Actual Whistleblowers go on to have their whole lives upended.” John Kiriakou
Sleepy Joe Biden!
So pathetic to see Sleepy Joe Biden, who with his son, Hunter, and to the detriment of the American Taxpayer, has ripped off at least two countries for millions of dollars, calling for my impeachment - and I did nothing wrong. Joe’s Failing Campaign gave him no other choice!
Only 25 percent want the President Impeached, which is pretty low considering the volume of Fake News coverage, but pretty high considering the fact that I did NOTHING wrong. It is all just a continuation of the greatest Scam and Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
So why is someone a good or great President if they needed to Spy on someone else’s Campaign in order to win ( that didn’t work out so well ), and if they were unable to fill 142 important Federal Judgeships ( a record by far ), handing them all to me to choose. Will have 182 soon!
... DACA stand, with all of its negative legal implications, the Republicans and Democrats will have a DEAL to let them stay in our Country, in very short order. It would actually benefit DACA, and be done the right way!
President Obama said that he did not have the right to sign DACA, that it will never hold up in court. He signed it anyway! If the Supreme Court upholds DACA, it gives the President extraordinary powers, far greater than ever thought. If they do what is right and do not let...
So why is someone a good or great President if they needed to Spy on someone else’s Campaign in order to win ( that didn’t work out so well ), and if they were unable to fill 142 important Federal Judgeships ( a record by far ), handing them all to me to chose. Will have 182 soon!
RT: Dems are now willing to hurt our economy AND the economy of Mexico — all to deny Trump a win on USMCA. Mexico is urging P …
Crooked Hillary should try it again!
RT: Democrats are so busy “striking while the iron is hot” that they didn’t even have a vote to start their crazy impeachment p …
True. Should have never been there in the first place!
Why doesn’t the ICIG do something about this Scam? He should have never let it start, a Dem Hoax!
Adam Schiff is a disgrace to our Country!
RT: BOOM is hearing.. ● IG REPORT OCT 18TH ● THICK AS A TELEPHONE BOOK #PANIC #WednesdayWisd …
So true Don, and this was a big lie. Look what happened to Friends of Trump, for less. Can’t let this pass!
RT: Every 2020 campaign needs to be asked: Did the whistleblower communicate with you or any of your associates prior to or after the …
RT: COMING UP: joins us at 10:00 ET! #nine2noon
RT: Democrats are “ deposing witnesses behind closed doors & denying Republicans fair time to ask questions & the right to call …
RT: It’s good that this partisan hit job is coming to light but based on the bullshit of the last 3 years did anyone really …
But we are now, for the first time, giving companies a better alternative!
Great support from GOP in fighting the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats!
They don’t have a clue, but I do. The USA is doing great despite the Fed!
RT:
The so-called Whistleblower, before knowing I was going to release the exact Transcript, stated that my call with the Ukrainian President was “crazy, frightening, and completely lacking in substance related to national security.” This is a very big Lie. Read the Transcript!
... No Pressure at all said Ukraine! Very congenial, a perfect call. The Whistleblower and others spoke BEFORE seeing the Transcript. Now they must apologize to me and stop this ridiculous impeachment!
The Do Nothing Democrats are Con Artists, only looking to hurt the Republican Party and President. Their total focus is 2020, nothing more, and nothing less. The good news is that WE WILL WIN!!!
... IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! We went to war under a false & now disproven premise, WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION. There were NONE! Now we are slowly & carefully bringing our great soldiers & military home. Our focus is on the BIG PICTURE! THE USA IS GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!
The United States has spent EIGHT TRILLION DOLLARS fighting and policing in the Middle East. Thousands of our Great Soldiers have died or been badly wounded. Millions of people have died on the other side. GOING INTO THE MIDDLE EAST IS THE WORST DECISION EVER MADE...
RT: Wishing an easy and meaningful fast to all those observing Yom Kippur today.
Fighting between various groups that has been going on for hundreds of years. USA should never have been in Middle East. Moved our 50 soldiers out. Turkey MUST take over captured ISIS fighters that Europe refused to have returned. The stupid endless wars, for us, are ending!
So make all Member Countries pay, not just the United States!
He should be Impeached for Fraud!
RT: Must watch Tucker Carlson segment!
The Whistleblower’s facts have been so incorrect about my “no pressure” conversation with the Ukrainian President, and now the conflict of interest and involvement with a Democrat Candidate, that he or she should be exposed and questioned properly. This is no Whistleblower...
... The Whistleblower’s lawyer is a big Democrat. The Whistleblower has ties to one of my DEMOCRAT OPPONENTS. Why does the ICIG allow this scam to continue?
A Total Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats. For the good of the Country, this Wirch Hunt should end now!
So amazing!
Wow, Just Breaking: “The ( big deal ) Whistleblower had a ‘ PROFESSIONAL TIE’to 2020 Democratic Candidate.” Washington Examiner, In other words, was working with someone who was potentially running against me. Why wasn’t this reported by the ICIG? A Witch Hunt Scam!
“Bob Mueller was pursuing the FBI Director job when he met with President Trump in 2017, Administration officials say.” Bret Baier and Jake Gibson This is true even though Mueller denied it!
RT: The time for excuses is over. The USMCA needs to move this fall. Workers and small businesses in Kentucky and across the …
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of the USA!
RT: The USMCA would create 176,000 jobs for American workers and generate $ 68 billion in wealth for America. House Democrats …
Gasoline Prices in the State of California are MUCH HIGHER than anywhere else in the Nation ( $ 2.50 vs. $ 4.50 ). I guess those very expensive and unsafe cars that they are mandating just aren’t doing the trick! Don’t worry California, relief is on the way. The State doesn’t get it!
RT: Reminder that while House Democrats have spent basically their entire first year as a majority this Congress throwing a …
Big Rally in Louisiana on Friday night. Must force a runoff with a Liberal Democrat Governor, John Bel Edwards, who has let your Taxes and Car Insurance get too high, and will never protect your 2nd Amendment. Vote for one of our two great Republicans on Saturday, force a runoff!
... If there is a Runoff in Louisiana, you will have a great new Republican Governor who will Cut your Taxes and Car Insurance, and do a fabulous job for you and your family. Vote Republican, the Party of Honest Abe Lincoln!
This is just the beginning, thank you to!
The U. S. Border is SECURE!
... In fact, the “Cops For Trump” T-shirt Web Site CRASHED because of incredible volume, but is now back up and running. Proceeds go to the Police Union Charities. See you on Thursday night in Minneapolis!
Radical Left Dem Mayor of Minneapolis, Jacob Frey, is doing everything possible to stifle Free Speech despite a record sell-out crowd at the Target Center. Presidents Clinton and Obama paid almost nothing! The Minneapolis Police have been incredible...
Friday night in Louisiana will be Great. Big crowd expected. Republicans must get out and vote for either of our two incredible candidates ( & ) so we can stop Left Leaning Governor John Bel Edwards from getting over 50 %. We will easily win the runoff!
RT: Mahalet was born in Ethiopia. Abandoned by her parents, she lived as an impoverished orphan. Mahalet was adopted by a lo …
Hasn’t Adam Schiff been fully discredited by now? Do we have to continue listening to his lies?
Get your great T-Shirts, “Cops for Trump,” at REALLY NICE! Thank you to Minneapolis Police Officers & Union!
Someone please tell the Radical Left Mayor of Minneapolis that he can’t price out Free Speech. Probably illegal! I stand strongly & proudly with the great Police Officers and Law Enforcement of Minneapolis and the Great State of Minnesota! See you Thursday Night!
Thank you to Lt. Bob Kroll of the great Minneapolis Police Department for your kind words on. The Police are fighting the Radical Left Mayor, and his ridiculous Uniform Ban. Actually, I LOVE the Cops for Trump shirts. Want to bring some home. I am with you 100 %!!!
I think that Crooked Hillary Clinton should enter the race to try and steal it away from Uber Left Elizabeth Warren. Only one condition. The Crooked one must explain all of her high crimes and misdemeanors including how & why she deleted 33,000 Emails AFTER getting “C” Subpoena!
... to see. Importantly, Ambassador Sondland’s tweet, which few report, stated, “I believe you are incorrect about President Trump’s intentions. The President has been crystal clear: no quid pro quo’s of any kind.” That says it ALL!
I would love to send Ambassador Sondland, a really good man and great American, to testify, but unfortunately he would be testifying before a totally compromised kangaroo court, where Republican’s rights have been taken away, and true facts are not allowed out for the public...
... understands that while we only had 50 soldiers remaining in that section of Syria, and they have been removed, any unforced or unnecessary fighting by Turkey will be devastating to their economy and to their very fragile currency. We are helping the Kurds financially / weapons!
We may be in the process of leaving Syria, but in no way have we Abandoned the Kurds, who are special people and wonderful fighters. Likewise our relationship with Turkey, a NATO and Trading partner, has been very good. Turkey already has a large Kurdish population and fully...
... good health, at my request, Pastor Brunson, who had many years of a long prison term remaining. Also remember, and importantly, that Turkey is an important member in good standing of NATO. He is coming to the U. S. as my guest on November 13th. #ENDENDLESSWARS
So many people conveniently forget that Turkey is a big trading partner of the United States, in fact they make the structural steel frame for our F - 35 Fighter Jet. They have also been good to deal with, helping me to save many lives at Idlib Province, and returning, in very...
The lightweight mayor is hurting the great police and other wonderful supporters. 72,000 ticket requests already. Dump Frey and Omar! Make America Great Again!
RT: EXTORTION! Minneapolis Mayor Tries to Shut Down Trump's " Keep America Great " Rally via
RT: This is an outrageous abuse of power by a liberal mayor trying to deny the rights of his own city’s residents just because he …
Thank you Joni!
RT: President is negotiating REAL trade deals for the American people. He’s made fairer trade deals with: ✅ J …
RT: WATCH: President discusses signing two early outcomes from trade negotiations with Japan! 1️⃣ Will allow b …
RT: President just signed two new trade agreements with Japan, changing the game for American farmers and ranc …
RT: Our Commander-in-Chief has made it his priority to keep this country safe and empower our military leaders! …
RT: Great to be on with reminding the American people of the Promises Made, Promises Kept by
RT: The radical Mayor of Minneapolis, , is abusing his power in an attempt to block the President's supporters from se …
RT: This entire process has been a scam. Dems now plan to only allow themselves and their staff to know the whistleblower’s …
Adam should be Impeached!
Great book!
RT: VDH: " The only Trump ' crime ' was in his winning an election he was not supposed to win. "
RT: FBI Lovebirds premieres TONIGHT at 9PM EST! Don't forget to sign up at so you see the video as soon …
RT: Lawmakers in both chambers have demanded that IC IG Michael Atkinson explain why he backdated to August secret changes he mad …
RT: The do it in secret, cherry pick and leak whatever furthers their narrative. Put it out there for all to see.
RT: County Records Contradict Warren’s Claim She Was Fired Over Pregnancy
RT: Uh, oh.
RT: When even the WaPo fact checkers can't avoid calling out Schiff, it's bad...
RT: " If the public can’t trust Mr. Schiff to be honest about the origins of his information, why should they trust his claim …
RT: Per Catherine Herridge: IC Inspector General told lawmakers the whistleblower did not disclose contact w Schiff / Committe …
RT: Kimberley Strassel on Dems ' ' mystifying ' impeachment push: Americans will see the ' double standard '
RT: Impeachment insanity. The Kavanaugh hit. FBI / DOJ abuse of power. The Mueller mess. Leaks. Media malpractice. In just 10 da …
RT: I have promoted book frequently on the air and in two columns because it persuasively and succ …
RT: EXCLUSIVE: Report Shows FBI Official Received Sports Tickets From CNN Reporter And Lied About It To Investigators
RT: New data is out on median income growth: Under Barack Obama, incomes rose $ 11 a month. Under, incomes …
“There are no felonies, there are no Impeachable offenses. The Constitution’s very clear that you need bribery, treason, or other high crimes and misdemeanors. You can’t be impeached for the conduct that’s been alleged in this case.” Dershowitz. A Scam!
RT:
RT: This is why the democrats are so nervous. Because President is finally dialing in on the corruption and …
RT: “Democrats trying to impeach President Trump are misusing their authority”
RT: Today the USA and Japan signed 2 new trade agreements 🇺 🇸 🇯 🇵 1 ) Agricultural Agt: + 90 % of US ag imports into Japan will be …
RT: DREAM BIG and always be open to opportunities – that’s’s advice to all #Americans – watch:
As I have stated strongly before, and just to reiterate, if Turkey does anything that I, in my great and unmatched wisdom, consider to be off limits, I will totally destroy and obliterate the Economy of Turkey ( I’ve done before! ). They must, with Europe and others, watch over...
... the captured ISIS fighters and families. The U. S. has done far more than anyone could have ever expected, including the capture of 100 % of the ISIS Caliphate. It is time now for others in the region, some of great wealth, to protect their own territory. THE USA IS GREAT!
RT: From the archives | Surprised by what you're seeing in Northern Syria? I'm not. Back in January 2018, I explained the dile …
RT: We aligned under Obama not with “the Kurds,” but with the PKK, the sworn enemy of the Turkish Republic, our ally. We were …
RT: Turkey can’t want a war with Kurds but if it does we can’t be killing Turks with Americans throughout Turkey, our base ther …
RT: Stream of stories in about and Turkey: Now breaking news of an Erd …
RT: I went w / to Jerusalem and Ankara in January Michael. I don’t know what we can do other than a staged withdr …
RT: Turkey is invading Northrrn Syria. The President is keeping us out of it. The gang that never met a war they didn’t w …
... down, watching over a quagmire, & spending big dollars to do so. When I took over, our Military was totally depleted. Now it is stronger than ever before. The endless and ridiculous wars are ENDING! We will be focused on the big picture, knowing we can always go back & BLAST!
I was elected on getting out of these ridiculous endless wars, where our great Military functions as a policing operation to the benefit of people who don’t even like the USA. The two most unhappy countries at this move are Russia & China, because they love seeing us bogged...
The Radical Left Democrats have failed on all fronts, so now they are pushing local New York City and State Democrat prosecutors to go get President Trump. A thing like this has never happened to any President before. Not even close!
... doesn’t even include the almost $ 2000 that the families got from the Trump Tax Cut. ” Stephen Moore, Freedomworks That means $ 5000 to $ 6000 more in disposable yearly income that Americans have right now because of President Trump!
Heritage Foundation “ These numbers are blockbusters. Just since Donald Trump took office, Median Family Incomrs are up over $ 4,100. In 8 years under President Obama, they only went up $ 1000. In one third the time, President Trump has increased incomes 4 times as much, and that...
“Incomes much higher under Trump than Bush, Obama.” And almost everything else is better also ( except I am driving the Deep State, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, CRAZY )!
“IG: DECLASSIFIED INFORMATION CONTRADICTS THE WHISTLEBLOWER. ” But why are people surprised? The “ partisan ” Whistleblower was very wrong on what was said on my perfect, “ no pressure,” call with the Ukrainian President. Bring in another Whistleblower from the bench!
We just WON the big court case on Net Neutrality Rules! A great win for the future and speed of the internet. Will lead to many big things including 5G. Congratulations to the FCC and its Chairman, Ajit Pai!
... figure the situation out, and what they want to do with the captured ISIS fighters in their “neighborhood.” They all hate ISIS, have been enemies for years. We are 7000 miles away and will crush ISIS again if they come anywhere near us!
... almost 3 years, but it is time for us to get out of these ridiculous Endless Wars, many of them tribal, and bring our soldiers home. WE WILL FIGHT WHERE IT IS TO OUR BENEFIT, AND ONLY FIGHT TO WIN. Turkey, Europe, Syria, Iran, Iraq, Russia and the Kurds will now have to...
... including capturing thousands of ISIS fighters, mostly from Europe. But Europe did not want them back, they said you keep them USA! I said “NO, we did you a great favor and now you want us to hold them in U. S. prisons at tremendous cost. They are yours for trials.” They...
... again said “NO, ” thinking, as usual, that the U. S. is always the “ sucker,” on NATO, on Trade, on everything. The Kurds fought with us, but were paid massive amounts of money and equipment to do so. They have been fighting Turkey for decades. I held off this fight for...
The United States was supposed to be in Syria for 30 days, that was many years ago. We stayed and got deeper and deeper into battle with no aim in sight. When I arrived in Washington, ISIS was running rampant in the area. We quickly defeated 100 % of the ISIS Caliphate,...
... This makes Nervous Nancy every bit as guilty as Liddle ’ Adam Schiff for High Crimes and Misdemeanors, and even Treason. I guess that means that they, along with all of those that evilly “Colluded” with them, must all be immediately Impeached!
Nancy Pelosi knew of all of the many Shifty Adam Schiff lies and massive frauds perpetrated upon Congress and the American people, in the form of a fraudulent speech knowingly delivered as a ruthless con, and the illegal meetings with a highly partisan “Whistleblower” & lawyer...
. “forgot” to report that we are helping the great farmers of the USA to the tune of 28 Billion Dollars, for the last two years, paid for out of Tariffs paid to the United States by China for targeting the farmer. They devalued their currency, therefore paying the cost!
Unemployment Rate just dropped to 3.5 %, the lowest in more that 50 years. Is that an impeachable event for your President?
Gerry Baker of “Do you think what you’ve seen rises to the level of impeachment? ” Ken Starr, Clinton Special Prosecutor. “ I don’t!”
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of “Meet the Press” had a total meltdown in his interview with highly reaspected Senator. Seems that a not very bright Chuck just wasn’t getting the answers he was looking for in order to make me look as bad as possible. I did NOTHING wrong!
Join me at the Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota this Thursday, October 10th at 7:00 pm! Tickets:
Good job, I must say, by Bob Woodward on “Deface the Nation.” The CBS no name host ( ess ), and other guest, Peter Baker of The Failing New York Times, were totally biased, boring and wrong ( as usual ), but Woodward was cool, calm and interesting. Thank you Bob!
RT: TODAY: Chairman urges Prime Ministers of Australia, Italy and the United Kingdom to continue working wit …
RT: Who were these people? What were they up to? Only by full disclosure can President adequately …
RT: Also, House Republicans should have the ability to find out ALL THOSE involved in providing information to the whistle …
RT: It’s not right Democrats in the House helped the whistleblower prepare their complaint.
RT: Chairman Graham noted, “ That the Attorney General is holding meetings with your countr …
Democrat lawyer is same for both Whistleblowers? All support Obama and Crooked Hillary. Witch Hunt!
RT: I MET PRESIDENT TRUMP TODAY! Growing up I went from foster house to foster house & i never thought I would be at the Whit …
RT: 2 TIME LOSING MITT ROMNEY Romney begged President Trump to endorse him in 2012 & now he’s always attacking Trump. UNLOYAL! …
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Will be in Minnesota on Thursday night. Massive response, crowd and enthusiasm ( actually, all over the Country ) will be beyond belief! Same thing in Louisiana on Friday. Big and Bold USA!


RT: Dems have been trying for 3 years to impeach the President. They aren’t “pained” by this. They’re excited. And it’s te …
Going to Louisiana on Friday night for a big Republican Rally. Keep Democrat Governor Edwards under 50 %, force a runoff, and have a great new Republican Governor! Voting on Saturday. Information for Rally to follow.
#DONOTHINGDEMOCRATS
The Biden family was PAID OFF, pure and simple! The fake news must stop making excuses for something that is totally inexcusable. Sleepy Joe said he never spoke to the Ukrainian company, and then the picture came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and Hunter...
... And by the way, I would LOVE running against 1 % Joe Biden - I just don’t think it’s going to happen. Sleepy Joe won’t get to the starting gate, & based on all of the money he & his family probably “extorted,” Joe should hang it up. I wouldn’t want him dealing with China & U!
... and separately got 1.5 Billion Dollars from China despite no experience and for no apparent reason. There is NO WAY these can be legitimate transactions? As lawyers & others have stated, as President, I have an OBLIGATION to look into possible, or probable, CORRUPTION!
It is INCREDIBLE to watch and read the Fake News and how they pull out all stops to protect Sleepy Joe Biden and his thrown out of the Military son, Hunter, who was handed $ 100,000 a month ( Plus, Plus ) from a Ukrainian based company, even though he had no experience in energy,...
The Democrats are lucky that they don’t have any Mitt Romney types. They may be lousy politicians, with really bad policies ( Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities etc. ), but they stick together!
95 % Approval Rating in Republican Party. Thank you!
RT: Dollars are the real polls right now. We’re DOUBLE where President Obama was at this point in his re-election. Ameri …
RT: Don’t miss out on the latest “ Bombshell Report " about. Unemployment for Hispanic and African-Americans …
The Do Nothing Democrats are being exposed!
RT: Book is doing really well. A study in unfairness to a potentially great Justice!
The great Scam is being revealed!
RT: “Pelosi Blatantly Lies During Interview About Schiff's Reading of Ukraine Transcript”
RT: Thank you!
RT:
RT: San Francisco made a choice to tolerate vagrancy and encourage drug use. It made the problems worse, writes
RT: Four Pinocchios | Schiff’s false claim his committee had not spoken to the whistleblower
RT: Fox News’ exposes Joe Biden’s * obvious * Corruption & why Congressional Democrats’ push for impeachment is …
RT: This is huge, great job standing up to the terrible double standard by this man. God bless sir.
RT: Worthy. has done amazing research. I suggest you pick up a copy.



The first so-called second hand information “Whistleblower ” got my phone conversation almost completely wrong, so now word is they are going to the bench and another “ Whistleblower” is coming in from the Deep State, also with second hand info. Meet with Shifty. Keep them coming!
“President Trump would be negligent if he did not bring this matter, Biden, up. If the V. P. of the U. S. is self enriching & engaged in criminal behavior, at a minimum corrupt behavior, it ought to be looked at. ” Peter Schweizer, author, “ Secret Empires.”
Schiff and the Do Nothing Dems have lost all credibility... but the corrupt Media is working hard to keep them in the game!
Mitt, get off the stage, you’ve had your turn ( twice )!
RT: So Crooked Hillary Clinton can delete and acid wash 33,000 emails AFTER getting a Subpoena from the United States Cong …
RT: This is real reason why Washington Democrats are trying to impeach. It's because the results keep coming. And they're …
RT: Proven liar Adam Schiff is running the Democrats’ impeachment scheme against. Schiff’s Record: - Collus …
RT: There's a reason why Adam Schiff released cherry-picked text messages and not the transcript of the Volker interview. I …
So Crooked Hillary Clinton can delete and acid wash 33,000 emails AFTER getting a Subpoena from the United States Congress, but I can’t make one totally appropriate telephone call to the President of Ukraine? Witch Hunt!
No Kevin, Jeff Flake is better!
I ’ m hearing that the Great People of Utah are considering their vote for their Pompous Senator, Mitt Romney, to be a big mistake. I agree! He is a fool who is playing right into the hands of the Do Nothing Democrats! #IMPEACHMITTROMNEY
Not only are the Do Nothing Democrats interfering in the 2020 Election, but they are continuing to interfere in the 2016 Election. They must be stopped!
RT: LYIN’SHIFTY SCHIFF!
Mitt Romney never knew how to win. He is a pompous “ass” who has been fighting me from the beginning, except when he begged me for my endorsement for his Senate run ( I gave it to him ), and when he begged me to be Secretary of State ( I didn’t give it to him ). He is so bad for R’s!
Somebody please wake up Mitt Romney and tell him that my conversation with the Ukrainian President was a congenial and very appropriate one, and my statement on China pertained to corruption, not politics. If Mitt worked this hard on Obama, he could have won. Sadly, he choked!
The so-called Whistleblower’s account of my perfect phone call is “way off,” not even close. Schiff and Pelosi never thought I would release the transcript of the call. Got them by surprise, they got caught. This is a fraud against the American people!
The Media is “Fixed” and Corrupt. It bears no relationship to the truth. The & are pure fiction. Totally dishonest reporting!
Too bad!

RT: It seems as if Congressman Schiff has fabricated so many stories that he cannot remember his part of the newest script... …
Thank you!
RT: Witch Hunt: The Story of the Greatest Mass Delusion in American Political History - get your copy now!
“Report: ‘ Whistleblower ’ Never Disclosed Contact with House Intel Panel to Inspector General”
GREAT BOOK!
“Pelosi Blatantly Lies During Interview About Schiff's Reading of Ukraine Transcript”
RT: BREAKING: Conflicted, Biased Inspector General Has Long Track Record of ' Pulling Punches, " Warn Former Investigators
RT:. wants businesses to work hand and hand with government to identify and train American workers for the future …
RT: Obama-trained Indivisible astroturfers - - fake protesters posing as constituents ( or as CNN pretends, " voter [ s ] ) - - were b …
RT: Watching CNN is like seeing the inner workings of an anti-Trump campaign war room. They are lucky they are cable and not r …
RT: The Obama admin launched an intelligence operation against Trump to derail his campaign & presidency in 2016-17, and now h …
RT: Once voters understand that Trump was set up and framed by intelligence ops like the whistleblower in 2016, falsely accuse …
RT: BREAKING: The whistleblower is a registered Democrat & CIA analyst who was detailed before the 2016 election to the Obama …
Where is the LameStream Media on this?
Thanks Jim. Would be great to just run our Country!
“Ex-Envoy testified Ukraine ( or the President of Ukraine ) never raised Quid Pro Quo concerns with him: source.” The President of Ukraine also stated that he was NOT PRESSURED by me in any way. END OF CASE!
“ It isn’t often I get angry at the dirty politics of the Democrats in Congress, but this time I am enraged and hope this impeachment charade will backfire on Reps. Pelosi & Schiff, & the Democrats. I have read thoroughly the telephone conversation between Trump & the President...
... of Ukraine, and cannot find any reason to charge the President with high crimes & misdemeanors. This is just a phony Witch Hunt, perpetuated by Democrats to get rid of Trump because they cannot beat him in a fair election. ” Richard Ketay
RT: This morning in the Florida Keys, was asked about the President calling on China to investigate - see his …
Along with Pelosi and her boss AOC, the Do Nothing Democrat “leader.”
Join me at the Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota next Thursday, October 10th at 7:00 pm! Tickets:
My daughter Ivanka will be on tonight on at 8: 00 P. M., following the great at 7:00. Enjoy!
“Adam Schiff’s connection to the Whistleblower is coming to light. ” These facts, and others, make it impossible for the ridiculous impeachment “ scam” to go forward! Schiff has also committed a crime, perhaps treason, in making up a horrible statement and reading...
... it to Congress, and the American people, as though it was the statement of the President of the United States, me. He did it to fool Congress and the public in order to make me look BAD. He is a sick puppy!
LYIN’SHIFTY SCHIFF!
“When your making an unsubstantiated charge that the President of the United States is making a request having to do with quid pro quo, this witness has blown a big hole into that statement.The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale.” Rep. Lee Zeldin

I have just officially nominated Poland for entry into the Visa Waiver Program. With this decades long-awaited announcement, we are in the final steps of the process which, when complete, would grant Polish nationals visa-free business and tourism travel to the U. S. & vice versa.
At the request of, I have declared a major disaster for the Great State of North Carolina to help with damages from Hurricane Dorian. Assistance now unlocked to recover stronger than ever! Thom loves N. C,. and so do I!
Under my Administration, Medicare Advantage premiums next year will be their lowest in the last 13 years. We are providing GREAT healthcare to our Seniors. We cannot let the radical socialists take that away through Medicare for All!
RT: Thanks to US leadership under, vaccines & therapeutics are saving lives and helping those affected by the #Ebola outbre …
RT: LIVE: POTUS at the Young Black Leadership Summit
WOW, this is big stuff!
“I think it’s outrages that a Whistleblower is a CIA Agent.” Ed Rollins
“The witness was asked at least 20 times, and there definitely was no Quid Pro Quo.” Their whole case was built around this, now they no longer mention!
“When your making an unsubstantiated statement that the President is making a claim having to do with quid pro quo, this witness has blown a big hole into that statement. The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale.” Rep. Lee Zeldin

The Whistleblower, who had the facts wrong about the phone call, reached out, and more, to the Democrat controlled House Intelligence Committee. Schiff never told us about this!
Breaking News: Unemployment Rate, at 3.5 %, drops to a 50 YEAR LOW. Wow America, lets impeach your President ( even though he did nothing wrong! ).
As President I have an obligation to end CORRUPTION, even if that means requesting the help of a foreign country or countries. It is done all the time. This has NOTHING to do with politics or a political campaign against the Bidens. This does have to do with their corruption!
The Washington Times, “Ukraine envoy blows ‘ massive hole ’ into Democrat accusations. Republicans at hearing find no Trump Pressure.” The Ukrainian President also strongly stated that NO pressure was put on him. Case Closed!
RT: This isn’t about a Campaign, this is about Corruption on a massive scale!
Nancy Pelosi today, on, actually said that Adam Schiffty Schiff didn’t fabricate my words in a major speech before Congress. She either had no idea what she was saying, in other words lost it, or she lied. Even Clinton lover strongly called her out. Sue her?
“They ( Do Nothing Dems ) are trying to nullify an election...” Joe diGenova
This isn’t about a Campaign, this is about Corruption on a massive scale!
We are simultaneously fighting the Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrat Party. Always tough to beat the “Press,” but people are beginning to see how totally CORRUPT they are, and it makes our job a whole lot easier!
Great job Jim!
AOC is a Wack Job!
The Do Nothing Democrats don’t have time to get it done!
RT: A great first day in #WY. Met w / Jackson District at the elk antler arches in town square learning about their conse …
RT: The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
RT: Today at The Villages in Florida, it was my great honor to sign an Executive Order on protecting and improving Medicar …
RT: “Just because Joe Biden is running against President doesn’t mean he’s above the law.” #TheFive
Another big loss for the Do Nothing Dems!
As the President of the United States, I have an absolute right, perhaps even a duty, to investigate, or have investigated, CORRUPTION, and that would include asking, or suggesting, other Countries to help us out!
"... blowing MASSIVE holes inside of the theory, the narrative, that Chairman Schiff has been providing to the public. "
“It was just a congenial phone call, but its become so big. I’ve never seen the Media work so hard with so little.” Witch Hunt!
Thank you, really well done!
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
“This is yet again an example of Democrats projecting THEIR criminal acts on President Trump. President Trump is an innocent man. It is a lawless coup attempt against a duly elected President.”
“Trump Fundraising Haul Shows Impeachment Backfiring on Dems”
There wasn’t ANYTHING said wrong in my conversation with the Ukrainian President. This is a Democrat Scam!
Great time at The Villages in Florida today. Sorry we couldn’t get everybody in. I will be back soon!
ELECTION INTERFERENCE!
95 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party, and record setting fundraising that has taken place over the past two weeks. Thank you!
Leader McCarthy, we look forward to you soon becoming Speaker of the House. The Do Nothing Dems don’t have a chance!

Fake News, just like the snakes and gators in the moat. The Media is deranged, they have lost their minds!
RT: Good times with last night talking Adam #FullOfSchiff “ Schiff is basically the Jussie Smollett of Congres …
Schiff is a lowlife who should resign ( at least! ).
RT: NBC News reports that Hunter Biden met with a Chinese banker while joining then-VP Joe Biden’s official 2013 trip to Chin …
RT: Honored heroic wounded warriors today at an event hosted by All Saints Episcopal School in #TX01. God bless our troops …
RT: Excited to share that my new book, “The Case for Nationalism: How It Made Us Powerful, United, and Free” will be out Novembe …
RT: Biden’s gun plan? It could destroy the gun industry for selling lawful, constitutionally-protected products and impair Am …
RT: Do Republicans See the Strategy to Discredit the Barr Investigation? - my column from yesterday:
RT: So State Department inspector general asks for ' urgent ' briefing on Capitol Hill. Trump and Ukraine! Then admits he's had ' u …
Schiff is a lying disaster for our Country. He should resign!
The Republican Party has never had such support!
Book is doing really well. A study in unfairness to a potentially great Justice!
Thank you Hugh!
A great book by a brilliant author. Buy it now!
RT: 😳 Very convenient...
RT: Must watch before any Dem press conferences... all you need to know.
RT: Duplication Scoring Act from and would help prevent new laws or programs that accidentally duplicat …
Great job Richard!
Keep up the great work Kellie!
RT: Franklin Graham calls for prayer to ' change hearts ' of Democrats - A call to pray for our Nation and its healing ❣ ️ ⁦ …
RT: Biden to trump - " I am creepy "
“The Ukraine controversy continues this morning as new documents obtained by show that a former Ukrainian prosecutor said that he was forced to back off looking into a firm tied to Hunter Biden.” Does anyone other than Fake News protectors have a doubt?
The U. S. won a $ 7.5 Billion award from the World Trade Organization against the European Union, who has for many years treated the USA very badly on Trade due to Tariffs, Trade Barriers, and more. This case going on for years, a nice victory!
RT: My statement on the latest fiasco
RT: LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH!
RT:
RT: The Texas Success Story... Since the election: ⭐ ️ Employment ⬆ ️ by 6.4 % = 774,000 NEW jobs ⭐ ️Manufacturing employment …
RT:
DEMOCRATS WANT TO STEAL THE ELECTION! #KAG2020
Mississippi, there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee,. Tate is strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment...
... He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote, is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get Out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete & Total Endorsement!
LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH!
“Schiff, House Intel Chairman, Got Early Account of Whistle-Blower’s Accusations” SCHIFF IS A FRAUD!
The Do Nothing Democrats should be focused on building up our Country, not wasting everyone’s time and energy on BULLSHIT, which is what they have been doing ever since I got overwhelmingly elected in 2016, 223-306. Get a better candidate this time, you’ll need it!
Adam Schiff should only be so lucky to have the brains, honor and strength of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. For a lowlife like Schiff, who completely fabricated my words and read them to Congress as though they were said by me, to demean a First in Class at West Point, is SAD!
Democrats are trying to undo the Election regardless of FACTS!
Nancy Pelosi just said that she is interested in lowering prescription drug prices & working on the desperately needed USMCA. She is incapable of working on either. It is just camouflage for trying to win an election through impeachment. The Do Nothing Democrats are stuck in mud!
All of this impeachment nonsense, which is going nowhere, is driving the Stock Market, and your 401K’s, down. But that is exactly what the Democrats want to do. They are willing to hurt the Country, with only the 2020 Election in mind!
Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moat stuffed with alligators and snakes, with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top, at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security, but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats haven’t met the standards of impeachment. They have to be very careful here.” Jeanne Zaino.
Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moot stuffed with alligators and snakes, with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top, at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security, but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
#DONOTHINGDEMS
All the Do Nothing Democrats are focused on is Impeaching the President for having a very good conversation with the Ukrainian President. I knew that many people were listening, even have a transcript. They have been at this “stuff” from the day I got elected. Bad for Country!
Congressman Adam Schiff should resign for the Crime of, after reading a transcript of my conversation with the President of Ukraine ( it was perfect ), fraudulently fabricating a statement of the President of the United States and reading it to Congress, as though mine! He is sick!
RT: As the Index of Economic Freedom shows, countries that implement free-market policies enable women to make their own econo …
RT: Democrats want to stop Barr from investigating what happened in 2016. SPOT ON. As we have been saying on ⁦ …
RT: HUGE Q3 fundraising numbers thanks to, , and of course the STRONG enthusiasm behind!
Massive sections of The Wall are being built at our Southern Border. It is going up rapidly, and built to the highest standards and specifications of the Border Patrol experts. It is actually an amazing structure! Our U. S. Military is doing a GREAT job.
I won the right to be a presidential candidate in California, in a major Court decision handed down yesterday. It was filed against me by the Radical Left Governor of that State to tremendous Media hoopla. The VICTORY, however, was barely covered by the Fake News. No surprise!
Louisiana Republicans must go out and vote REPUBLICAN in your Governor’s race. A Republican will win if you can force a runoff! Early voting has started. Your 2nd Amendment, and much else, is at stake.
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
As I learn more and more each day, I am coming to the conclusion that what is taking place is not an impeachment, it is a COUP, intended to take away the Power of the...
... People, their VOTE, their Freedoms, their Second Amendment, Religion, Military, Border Wall, and their God-given rights as a Citizen of The United States of America!
REPUBLICANS of Louisiana, it is really important for you to go out and vote on October 12th for either Eddie Rispone or Ralph Abraham ( both Great ), which will lead to a runoff against...
... a Nancy Pelosi / Chuck Schumer Democrat ( John Bel Edwards ), who does nothing but stymie all of the things we are doing to Make America Great Again. Don’t be fooled, John Bel Edwards will NEVER be for us. Early voting has already started!
Why isn’t Congressman Adam Schiff being brought up on charges for fraudulently making up a statement and reading it to Congress as if this statement, which was very dishonest and bad for me, was directly made by the President of the United States? This should never be allowed!
As I predicted, Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve have allowed the Dollar to get so strong, especially relative to ALL other currencies, that our manufacturers are being negatively affected. Fed Rate too high. They are their own worst enemies, they don’t have a clue. Pathetic!
RT: Today, I was proud to sign the Autism CARES Bill! We support research for Americans with Autism and their families. Yo …
RT: THANK YOU!
RT: Biden’s caught lying about Ukraine... hiding who was on board with Hunter. #TheFive
RT: Joining tonight on during the 10:00 PM hour. Promises to be a lively show. Watch!
... the Whistleblower, and also the person who gave all of the false information to him. This is simply about a phone conversation that could not have been nicer, warmer, or better. No pressure at all ( as confirmed by Ukrainian Pres. ). It is just another Democrat Hoax!
So if the so-called “Whistleblower ” has all second hand information, and almost everything he has said about my “ perfect” call with the Ukrainian President is wrong ( much to the embarrassment of Pelosi & Schiff ), why aren’t we entitled to interview & learn everything about...
“The congratulatory phone call with the Ukrainian President was PERFECT, unless you heard Liddle’ Adam Schiff’s fraudulently made up version of the call. This is just another Fake News Media, together with their partner, the Democrat Party, HOAX!

RT: Our new data shows’s approval rating has INCREASED since this same time a week ago. The American peop …
RT:. is coming to Dallas, TX for a rally on 10/17! “ Under President Trump’s leadership, 774,4 …
RT: The American people want Washington to work for them. That’s what has done since he was elected. All …
RT: When President was elected, his pro-growth, pro-worker agenda was set to change the economic landscape for …
RT: this is why the democrats are ramping up. They know this is coming. This is the biggest scand …
Congratulations to President Xi and the Chinese people on the 70th Anniversary of the People’s Republic of China!
Great job, just in time!
RT: Radicals & socialists have taken over the Democrat Party. They're calling all the shots now. Just last week, they pressu …
You cannot judge my Stock Market performance since the Inauguration, which was very good, but only from the day after the big Election Win, which was spectacular due to the euphoria of getting Obama / Biden OUT, & getting Trump / Pence IN. WentI up BIG between Nov. 9 & Inauguration!
The Corrupt Media refuses to cover this!
RT: BIG NEWS by, , and on a 4 BILLION DOLLAR joint venture to develop autonomous driving technologies …
RT: Great news! announced that it is building its new Mac Pro in Texas. This means hundreds of American jobs in Aus …
RT: Navistar will be building a new 250 MILLION DOLLAR truck factory in San Antonio with 600 new jobs. Congratulations San …
RT: House Democrats should stop delaying and put the country first by passing the USMCA trade deal, write and …
RT: The president has maximum positive impact on the country ( and his approval numbers ) when he focuses on advancing his pea …
Today, I was proud to sign the Autism CARES Bill! We support research for Americans with Autism and their families. You are not forgotten, we are fighting for you!

THANK YOU!
My great friend, , has been an EXCELLENT Chairman of the House, which has been a tremendous success. I am looking forward to close collaboration with his successor ( starting Tuesday ) and Strong Leader,!
BIG NEWS by, , and on a 4 BILLION DOLLAR joint venture to develop autonomous driving technologies in the USA. That’s a lot of $ $ and JOBS! Great jobs coming back to America!!
Great news! announced that it is building its new Mac Pro in Texas. This means hundreds of American jobs in Austin and for suppliers across the Country. Congratulations to the Apple team and their workers!
Navistar will be building a new 250 MILLION DOLLAR truck factory in San Antonio with 600 new jobs. Congratulations San Antonio and Texas! America makes the GREATEST trucks in the world!
It was my Great Honor to attend this mornings Welcome Ceremony for the 20th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Mark Milley!
The Fake News Media wants to stay as far away as possible from the Ukraine and China deals made by the Bidens. A Corrupt Media is so bad for our Country! In actuality, the Media may be even more Corrupt than the Bidens, which is hard to do!
Very simple! I was looking for Corruption and also why Germany, France and others in the European Union don’t do more for Ukraine. Why is it always the USA that does so much and puts up so much money for Ukraine and other countries? By the way, the Bidens were corrupt!
... they made this whole thing up. Impeachment is also a pre-emptive strike for what they think is coming on the Obama Administration’s handling of the 2016 Election. ” Jim McLaughlin, highly respected pollster.
“ President Trump’s Job Approval Numbers have just reached the highest level since his Inauguration, around 50 %, and you can add to that many votes from voters that don’t talk about their vote. Once they saw the President’s numbers going up, they said ‘ We gotta do something ,’so..
#FakeWhistleblower
WHO CHANGED THE LONG STANDING WHISTLEBLOWER RULES JUST BEFORE SUBMITTAL OF THE FAKE WHISTLEBLOWER REPORT? DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Again, the President of Ukraine said there was NO ( ZERO ) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. Case closed!
Again, the President of the Ukraine said THERE WAS NO ( ZERO ) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. End of case!
... place in TRADE, it’s taking shape in Military Competition. ” Johnathan Ward, author and China expert. We are winning, and we will win. They should not have broken the deal we had with them. Happy Birthday China!
“ After many years, the United States is finally waking up to Beijing’s plans and ambitions to pass us as the dominant economic & military superpower in the 21st Century. What’s happening now is that the U. S. is finally responding ( thank you President Trump ). This is taking...
Rep. Adam Schiff illegally made up a FAKE & terrible statement, pretended it to be mine as the most important part of my call to the Ukrainian President, and read it aloud to Congress and the American people. It bore NO relationship to what I said on the call. Arrest for Treason?
The Fake Whistleblower complaint is not holding up. It is mostly about the call to the Ukrainian President which, in the name of transparency, I immediately released to Congress & the public. The Whistleblower knew almost nothing, its 2ND HAND description of the call is a fraud!
“China Trade Turmoil: China Urging a CALM AND RATIONAL Solution.” China is doing very poorly while the USA, under your favorite President’s leadership, continues to soar to new heights - and, despite the Do Nothing Democrats, we have just begun!
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
RT: These are the most important facts we have: 1. The whistleblower wasn't on the call. 2. The IG didn't read the transcript be …
RT: I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP!
... If the Democrats are successful in removing the President from office ( which they will never be ), it will cause a Civil War like fracture in this Nation from which our Country will never heal. ” Pastor Robert Jeffress ,
... rid of Donald J. Trump - And the Democrats don’t care if they burn down and destroy this nation in the process. I have never seen the Evangelical Christians more angry over any issue than this attempt to illegitimately remove this President from office, overturn the 2016...
... Election, and negate the votes of millions of Evangelicals in the process. They know the only Impeachable offense that President Trump has committed was beating Hillary Clinton in 2016. That’s the unpardonable sin for which the Democrats will never forgive him...
“ Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats can’t put down the Impeachment match. They know they couldn’t beat him in 2016 against Hillary Clinton, and they’re increasingly aware of the fact that they won’t win against him in 2020, and Impeachment is the only tool they have to get...
“State Department has stepped up Hillary Clinton Email probe.” You mean the 33,000 Emails that she has deleted and acid washed so they can never be found, even though she said that all 33,000 pertained only to her daughter’s wedding, and her Yoga!
“ All that’s swirling around us now is Impeachment. We talk about it day and night, it’s what’s on the news, there is NOTHING that has turned up that is Impeachable. Our founding fathers set impeachment to be extremely rare. We need to get good stuff done. Let the people vote,...
... we are going to have an Election very shortly. ” Rep. Jeff Van Drew, Democrat of New Jersey. Thank you. Just another Witch Hunt by Nancy Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats!
RT:
These Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, are doing great harm to our Country. They are lying & cheating like never before in our Country’s history in order to destabilize the United States of America & it’s upcoming 2020 Election. They & the Fake News Media are Dangerous & Bad!
... In addition, I want to meet not only my accuser, who presented SECOND & THIRD HAND INFORMATION, but also the person who illegally gave this information, which was largely incorrect, to the “Whistleblower.” Was this person SPYING on the U. S. President? Big Consequences!
His lies were made in perhaps the most blatant and sinister manner ever seen in the great Chamber. He wrote down and read terrible things, then said it was from the mouth of the President of the United States. I want Schiff questioned at the highest level for Fraud & Treason...
Like every American, I deserve to meet my accuser, especially when this accuser, the so-called “Whistleblower,” represented a perfect conversation with a foreign leader in a totally inaccurate and fraudulent way. Then Schiff made up what I actually said by lying to Congress...
RT: I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP!
Wishing a Happy New Year to all of those celebrating Rosh Hashanah in America, Israel, and around the World!

RT: Will happen to all of those seeking unlawful impeachment in 50 Trump type Districts. We will win big!
RT:
RT: The real one mark Levin just totally curved Ed Henry and his fake news. Career is gone now! Can we face off Levin and worl …
Investigating Corruption is correct!
RT: Mark Levin just mopped the floor with Ed Henry. #UkraineScandal
RT: Saw the whole interview by with Ed Henry. Why aren’t there more reporters that can explain and bring the news …
RT: Ed Henry has been on a rant during other interviews asking the same dishonest question. He’s showing his true …
RT: Wondering what's been going on at Fox lately? Talk to Paul Ryan, he's got influence over there - Bigly! Still love ya, Ed …
RT: #RT: RT: Mark Levin just tore Ed Henry to shreds on Fox & Friends like I've never seen before. …
RT: RT: A Sunday Morning; Amen Mark Levin, Preach Brother! You shut down Ed Henry and the Pro Sha …
RT: Mark Levin ripped Ed Henry a new one. 🤦 ‍ ♂ ️ 🤦 ‍ ♂ ️ 🤦 ‍ ♂ ️ 🤦 ‍ ♂ ️ 😂 😂 😂
RT: Mark Levin sure put that lying shit head Ed Henry in his place didn’t he?
RT: Ed Henry implies that asked Ukraine President to " dig up dirt on political rival. ” POT …
RT: Sorry Jill, I like Ed Henry but his question implied that the transcript specifically said “ dig up …
RT: A Sunday Morning; Amen Mark Levin, Preach Brother! You shut down Ed Henry and the fake news with the fac …
RT: Love You Mark Levin for calling Ed Henry out on Fox News. Ed Henry has turned into fake news ship him to CNN. Get Ed Henry of …
RT: Mark Levin took Ed Henry, Fox News, to school and exposed Henry's fake reporting and his misrepresentation of contents of doc …
RT: Wow Mark Levin just took Ed Henry to school on Fox! Hey Ed you best not mess with the great one! 👏 🏻 👍 🏻 🇺 🇸
So great Mark!
RT: I’ve generally been a fan of Ed Henry, however Mark Levin just completely destroyed him on Fox and Friends this morning.
RT: Mark Levin really let Ed Henry on have it about corrupt news media. Ed Henry …
RT: Mark Levin just tore Ed Henry to shreds on Fox & Friends like I've never seen before. No wonder they call him the " The Great One …
RT: Ed Henry just got his ASS handed to him by Mark Levin. Yes Ed, go ask Joe Biden

Will happen to all of those seeking unlawful impeachment in 50 Trump type Districts. We will win big!
“These are Trumped-Up Charges.”
The Fake News doesn’t dare mention the corrupt Democrats!
RT: National Border Patrol Council VP: President Trump “cares ” about and “ understands” problems on the border
RT: Ian Bremmer: “Biden does have a problem, ” Hunter Biden was paid " clearly to be selling influence”
RT: Sen. Graham: “to impeach any president over a phone call like this would be insane”
RT: Rep. Matt Gaetz: bottom line is that there is no quid pro quo
RT: Bret Baier on Democrat speculation over Ukraine call: “none of those things are in this transcript”
RT: Fox correspondent John Roberts: no “quid pro quo” mentioned in Ukraine call transcript
RT: Rep. Ratcliffe: “once again, their impeachment search party came up empty”
RT: FLASHBACK: In 1998, Pelosi blasts impeachment for “ any and all grievances that anybody ever had " h …
RT: Ukrainian President Zelensky: “I think you read everything … good phone call … nobody pushed me”
RT: FNC’s Perino on Ukraine: “nobody was pushed, there was no pressure”
RT: DNI: Trump’s Ukraine call transparency is “unprecedented”
RT: Rep. Turner calls out Adam Schiff for just making up “fiction” conversation
RT: Rep. Turner: Dems’ impeachment push is an “assault on the electorate”
RT: Rep. Wenstrup slams Dems: “Americans have seen this movie too many times and they’re tired of it”
RT: Ed Henry: Maquire was “a very strong witness ” for Trump, “ pushed back very hard” on Dem narrative
RT: I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP!
RT: Rep. Stefanik throws shade at Schiff for his fake opening remarks
RT: Rep. Ratcliffe: Whistleblower’s account is all “second ” and “ third hand” information
RT: NH voter slams Dems on impeachment: “Should just get back to doing their job”
RT: Sen. Cruz knocks Dems for false narratives about Ukraine call
RT: Sen. Cruz: Congressional Dems “are angry about the 2016 election … angry at the voters”
RT: Rep. Nunes on Dems’ impeachment push: “This is the sequel” to the Russia hoax
RT: Sen. Scott slams Democrats on impeachment: “the evidence does not matter” to Democrats
The only people that don’t like my conversation with the new Ukrainian President are those that heard Rep. Adam Schiff read a made up and totally fraudulent statement to the House and public, words that I did not say but that he fabricated ( & admitted to this fabrication ). Sick!
It is disgraceful what the Do Nothing Democrats are doing ( the Impeachment Scam ), but it is also disgraceful what they are NOT doing, namely, the USMCA vote, Prescription Drug Price Reduction, Gun Safety, Infrastructure, and much more!
RT: I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP!
WOW, they got caught. End the Witch Hunt now!
... fraudulently and illegally inserted his made up & twisted words into my call with the Ukrainian President to make it look like I did something very wrong. He then boldly read those words to Congress and millions of people, defaming & libeling me. He must resign from Congress!
The Whistleblower’s complaint is completely different and at odds from my actual conversation with the new President of Ukraine. The so-called “Whistleblower ” knew practically NOTHING in that those ridiculous charges were far more dramatic & wrong, just like Liddle’ Adam Schiff..
How do you impeach a President who has created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country, entirely rebuilt our Military into the most powerful it has ever been, Cut Record Taxes & Regulations, fixed the VA & gotten Choice for our Vets ( after 45 years ), & so much more?...
... The conversation with the new and very good Ukraine President, who told the Fake News, at the United Nations, that HE WAS NOT PRESSURED BY ME IN ANY WAY, SHAPE, OR FORM, should by and of itself bring an end to the new and most recent Witch Hunt. Others ended in ashes!
They are trying to stop ME, because I am fighting for YOU!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Can you imagine if these Do Nothing Democrat Savages, people like Nadler, Schiff, AOC Plus 3, and many more, had a Republican Party who would have done to Obama what the Do Nothings are doing to me. Oh well, maybe next time!
RT:
RT: Hispanic Americans enrich our culture and are true examples of the AMERICAN SPIRIT! #HispanicHeritageMonth
RT: UPDATE: We have now raised almost $ 15 million in small dollar donations ( including 50,000 NEW donors ) since s …
RT: President will host a #KeepAmericaGreat rally on Thursday, October 10 at 7:00 pm CDT at the Target Center i …
RT: We already raised over $ 500K to beat Democrat Elissa Slotkin next November. She promised she'd work with …
Voter I. D. is the best way. Go for it Doug!
RT: Reminder, as this tweet points out: what we’ve seen is the Ukrainians weren’t aware aid was being reviewed during the c …
Thank you to General McMaster. Just more Fake News!

RT: This is just the beginning of an all-out fight to defend our democracy & our president. Dozens of House Dems campaigned …
I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP!
If that perfect phone call with the President of Ukraine Isn’t considered appropriate, then no future President can EVER again speak to another foreign leader!
Sounding more and more like the so-called Whistleblower isn’t a Whistleblower at all. In addition, all second hand information that proved to be so inaccurate that there may not have even been somebody else, a leaker or spy, feeding it to him or her? A partisan operative?
The Democrats are now to be known as the DO NOTHING PARTY!
Rep. Adam Schiff totally made up my conversation with Ukraine President and read it to Congress and Millions. He must resign and be investigated. He has been doing this for two years. He is a sick man!
“IT WAS A PERFECT CONVERSATION WITH UKRAINE PRESIDENT!”
Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them in order to meet. I said, of course, NO!
Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress, with millions of people watching, a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesn’t exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call, but he completely changed the words to make it...
... sound horrible, and me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!
... sound horrible, an me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!
Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress, with millions of people watching, a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesn’t exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call, but he completely changed the words to make it...
... nice call with with the new President of Ukraine, it could not have been better or more honorable, and the Fake News Media and Democrats, working as a team, have fraudulently made it look bad. It wasn’t bad, it was very legal and very good. A continuing Witch Hunt!
Obama loving ( wrote Obama book ) Peter Baker of the Failing New York Times, married to an even bigger Trump Hater than himself, should not even be allowed to write about me. Every story is a made up disaster with sources and leakers that don’t even exist. I had a simple and very..
To show you how dishonest the LameStream Media is, I used the word Liddle ’, not Liddle, in discribing Corrupt Congressman Liddle ’ Adam Schiff. Low ratings purposely took the hyphen out and said I spelled the word little wrong. A small but never ending situation with CNN!

RT: Will be a GREAT and very accurate show tonight by on ( 9:00 PM ). Will play my full statement from …
So many lies by Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats!



Will be a GREAT and very accurate show tonight by on ( 9:00 PM ). Will play my full statement from Air Force One!
The President of Ukraine said that he was NOT pressured by me to do anything wrong. Can’t have better testimony than that! As V. P., Biden had his son, on the other hand, take out millions of dollars by strong arming the Ukrainian President. Also looted millions from China. Bad!
No one has done more behind the scenes for STRONG BORDER SECURITY than. Her bill passed Committee today with $ 5B for the BORDER WALL. West Virginia is a great State and Shelley gets it done. Keep it up!
Congratulations to my friend, our powerful Appropriations Chairman, for his hard work on many strong bills that continue to rebuild our military, invest in border security, and many other priorities. Good work and keep fighting, you are winning!
Liddle ’ Adam Schiff, who has worked unsuccessfully for 3 years to hurt the Republican Party and President, has just said that the Whistleblower, even though he or she only had second hand information, “is credible.” How can that be with zero info and a known bias. Democrat Scam!
Adam Schiff has zero credibility. Another fantasy to hurt the Republican Party!
A whistleblower with second hand information? Another Fake News Story! See what was said on the very nice, no pressure, call. Another Witch Hunt!
That, and many other reasons, is why Republicans will win North Carolina!
“Is there a case for impeachment? Absolutely not! There is no high crime or misdemeanor, no crime, no extortion, no treason.” Robert Ray
“Is their a case for impeachment? Absolutely not! ” There is no high crimes or misdemeanors, no treason, no extortion, no treason.” RD Robert Ray, respected
THE DEMOCRATS ARE TRYING TO DESTROY THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND ALL THAT IT STANDS FOR. STICK TOGETHER, PLAY THEIR GAME, AND FIGHT HARD REPUBLICANS. OUR COUNTRY IS AT STAKE!
RT: For 2.5 years we were told there was collusion, then obstruction, then it was a cover-up... rinse and repeat. Seems t …
RT: After 3 years of relentless pursuit of - ( not various Democratic candidates for ) wi …
RT: The downright “giddy” media hoping for impeachment should take 3 minutes and watch this before they count …
RT: VP: Democrats don't have an agenda, that's why they want to impeach
RT: Stop what you’re doing... WATCH us expose the #FakeNews Media LIES about! They selectively deleted 500 + w …
RT: Tune in tonight as I join!
RT: So bad for our Country!
RT: So true, but it will never work!
RT:
RT: When became president, his sons stopped doing international business deals; when Joe Biden became VP, h …
RT: Yikes! I guess the Dems no longer want to do anything about election interference.
RT: Rand Paul on the Fake Witch Hunts: BASTA!
RT: " Pelosi’s Bad Impeachment Call " by anti-Trumper in. " A Q-PAC poll found 57 % of Americans oppose impeachment; 37 % …
RT: President has taken a sledgehammer to the ruiling class and the ruling class is fighting back hard and …
RT:... They can’t run against this President’s record... a record of accomplishment... so they decided to look for one more way to try to …
RT:
RT: … and even though she knew the transcript was going to be released today, Speaker Nancy Pelosi initiates an impeachment inquiry into …
RT: The ironic thing is that the only time it did happen that we know about is when former Vice President Joe Biden threatened over a b …
RT: Dems are basing their impeachment dreams on a “whistleblower” who: - Did not have direct knowledge of the Ukraine call - Had …
RT: Speaker Pelosi: Focused on taking down at any cost.: Focused on securing better trade deals for hard …
RT: cc: Everybody not the Ukranian President who has been characterizing what happened in the call with the Ukrainian Presi …
RT: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky says he doesn't want to be involved in US elections and he didn't feel " pushed " during …
THE GREATEST SCAM IN THE HISTORY OF AMERICAN POLITICS!
RT:
RT:
RT: 🚨 🚨 🚨 We should impeach them all. That's how this works, right? Given their rules its a no brainer since there's an actua …
RT: KASSAM: Trump Transcript Shows Him Trying To Stop Corruption, Nothing Else via
Thank you Jim!
RT: “ Democrats wrote to the Ukrainian government in May 2018 urging it to continue investigations into President Donald Tr …
RT: Yikes!!!
RT: Are you saying the Democrats started an all out move towards impeachment without even seeing the transcript?
If they actually did this the markets would crash. Do you think it was luck that got us to the best Stock Market and Economy in our history. It wasn’t!
RT: Watching the media circle the wagons and desperately try to defend the Biden family for things they try to kill my fami …
RT: “The Democrats have been talking about Impeaching Donald Trump since before he was inaugurated.” …
So bad for our Country!
So cute! Her father is under siege, for no reason, since his first day in office!
RT: NEW: Democrat Senators reached out to Ukraine in May 2018 and asked for their assistance in investigating Trump “ In the …
RT: “ Hunter took the position with a Ukrainian natural gas company just a few weeks after his father visited Ukraine in 2014 …
RT: There has been no President in the history of our Country who has been treated so badly as I have. The Democrats are f …
RT: Thank you!
RT: Sooo true!
One of our best fundraising days EVER!
So true, but it will never work!


I have informed Kevin McCarthy and all Republicans in the House that I fully support transparency on so-called whistleblower information but also insist on transparency from Joe Biden and his son Hunter, on the millions of dollars that have been quickly and easily...
... taken out of Ukraine and China. Additionally, I demand transparency from Democrats that went to Ukraine and attempted to force the new President to do things that they wanted under the form of political threat.
Wow! “Ukraine Whistleblower’s lead attorney donated to Biden.”
RT: Nancy Pelosi should be embarrassed. The transcript debunks the Democrats’ false claims against President …
RT: 66-29 huge majority believes the Democrats should work w / ⁦ ⁩ to solve the nations problems rather than imp …
RT: Since the day President Trump was elected to office, Democrats have tried to find any opportunity to undermine his presid …
RT: 1 ) Having read DOJ’s Trump-Ukraine release, here’s the real story: This is another internal attempt to take out a presiden …
RT: Dems launched an impeachment inquiry based on a rumor instead of waiting for the facts. It's now clear: there was no qui …
RT: “... involving an industry and business he knew nothing about. ” It is an absolute joke. The only corruption worse than Biden ’ …
RT: None of what Democrats said happened on the call between & Ukrainian President Zelensky was true. No qu …
RT: Once again, Democrats reveal that impeachment is not really about our country, but about their own imperative to maintain …
RT: Nothing remotely impeachable in transcript. Ukrainian President brought up Giuliani before Trump mentioned Biden. N …
RT: As the left now tries to move the goalposts, remember that for days, all we heard was that offered qui …
RT: Unprecedented and unpatriotic. Nancy Pelosi undermined the solemn duty of impeachment that a future House may have to un …

“He ( President Trump ) didn’t specifically mention the explicit quid pro quo of … unless you investigate this … we’re going to withhold military aid to you.” Pamela Brown

“You don’t see a direct quid pro quo in this.”
“Democrats wrote to the Ukrainian government in May 2018 urging it to continue investigations into President Donald Trump’s alleged collusion with Russia in the 2016 presidential campaign — collusion later found NOT TO EXIST.”

Will the Democrats apologize after seeing what was said on the call with the Ukrainian President? They should, a perfect call - got them by surprise!
“The Democrats have been talking about Impeaching Donald Trump since before he was inaugurated.” And for no reason other than the great success we are having with the Economy, the Military, Vets, Tax and Regulation Cuts, HealthCare, and so much more!
RT: Speaker Pelosi’s decree changes absolutely nothing. As I have been telling Chairman Nadler for weeks, merely claiming t …
RT: POTUS says he's releasing the full transcript of the Ukraine call, and amazingly Democrats now say the whistleblower co …
RT: This “whistleblower” was found by the Intelligence Community IG to have a political bias against an …
There has been no President in the history of our Country who has been treated so badly as I have. The Democrats are frozen with hatred and fear. They get nothing done. This should never be allowed to happen to another President. Witch Hunt!
Great new book by the brilliant Andrew McCarthy, BALL OF COLLUSION, THE PLOT TO RIG AN ELECTION AND DESTROY A PRESIDENCY. Get it, and some other great new books which I will soon be recommending. They tell you about the Crooked Pols and the Witch Hunt that has now been exposed!
Thank you and!
“He ( Trump ) has already been suffering from this type of a Witch Hunt since before his Inauguration. If it’s not one thing, it’s another. It’s a DISGRACE!”
“Mark Levin: Media trying to protect Biden, ignoring MASSIVE DEMOCRAT SCANDAL”
“Attorney For Anti-Trump ‘ Whistleblower ’ Worked For Hillary Clinton, Chuck Schumer”

Secretary of State Pompeo recieved permission from Ukraine Government to release the transcript of the telephone call I had with their President. They don’t know either what the big deal is. A total Witch Hunt Scam by the Democrats!

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
They never even saw the transcript of the call. A total Witch Hunt!
Pelosi, Nadler, Schiff and, of course, Maxine Waters! Can you believe this?
Such an important day at the United Nations, so much work and so much success, and the Democrats purposely had to ruin and demean it with more breaking news Witch Hunt garbage. So bad for our Country!
RT: 🚨 Are YOU registered to vote? 🚨 Today is #NationalVoterRegistrationDay, make sure you are registered to vote! Let’s KEEP AMERICA …
The Democrats are so focused on hurting the Republican Party and the President that they are unable to get anything done because of it, including legislation on gun safety, lowering of prescription drug prices, infrastructure, etc. So bad for our Country!
THANK YOU!
... You will see it was a very friendly and totally appropriate call. No pressure and, unlike Joe Biden and his son, NO quid pro quo! This is nothing more than a continuation of the Greatest and most Destructive Witch Hunt of all time!
I am currently at the United Nations representing our Country, but have authorized the release tomorrow of the complete, fully declassified and unredacted transcript of my phone conversation with President Zelensky of Ukraine...
RT:. is showing that real strength and statesmanship can coexist with restraint. America is unquestionably the m …
RT: Q: " You can authorize to release the transcript. Will you do that? " President Trump: " I can do it very easily, but I'd rather n …
Hopefully they will work it out, and quickly!
RT: President Trump: " I think I'll get a Nobel prize for a lot of things, "
True. A wonderful meeting!
RT: “ Today, it is my true honor to be the first President of the United States to host a meeting at the United Nations on re …
She seems like a very happy young girl looking forward to a bright and wonderful future. So nice to see!

“bombshell information reports that the so-called Whistleblower did not have firsthand knowledge of that phone conversation with Ukraine’s President.” Wow! It is all a Democrat / Adam Schiff Scam! Doing this for 3 years now, and found NOTHING!
#UNGA
94 % approval rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Thank you, working hard!
This is the real corruption that the Fake News Media refuses to even acknowledge!
RT: " With one clear voice, the United States of America calls on the nations of the world to end religious persecution. " #UNGA …
RT: President just delivered a critical message on religious freedom and global persecution. " Our founders un …
... know the correct facts. Is he on our Country’s side. Where does he come from. Is this all about Schiff & the Democrats again after years of being wrong?
“The very thing that they are accusing President Trump of doing ( which I didn’t do ), was actually done by Joe Biden. Continues to be a double standard. ” These people are stone cold Crooked. Also, who is this so-called “ whistleblower” who doesn’t...

Just leaving the Great State of Ohio for New York and a few big days at the United Nations. Your Country will be well represented!
.. Breaking News: The Ukrainian Government just said they weren’t pressured at all during the “nice” call. Sleepy Joe Biden, on the other hand, forced a tough prosecutor out from investigating his son’s company by threat of not giving big dollars to Ukraine. That’s the real story!
Now the Fake News Media says I “pressured the Ukrainian President at least 8 times during my telephone call with him. ” This supposedly comes from a so-called “ whistleblower” who they say doesn’t even have a first hand account of what was said. More Democrat / Crooked Media con...

RT: He has already made the American economy strong again. He has achieved much for the US and for the world. We, in India …
Incredible!
The USA Loves India!

Justice Kavanaugh should sue The Failing New York Times for all they are worth!
Look forward to being with our great India loving community!
“The is trying to make someone ( Justice Kavanaugh ) into an evil person when they don’t have the information to back it up. It is a false hoax.” Zero people were fired at the Times. Why?
Will be in Houston to be with my friend. Will be a great day in Texas!
“They are trying to destroy and influence Justice Kavanaugh, a very good man.” 100 % correct, and they should be fully exposed for what they are!
RT: Dems say they will impeach, but have no reason. Dems say they won't ban guns, but their bills do just t …
I go along with Joe!
“Go across the world and you’ll see either very low interest rates, or negative rates. The President wants to be competitive with these other countries on this, but I don’t think he’ll fire Jay Powell ( even if I should! ).” We should always be paying less interest than others!
“The real story involves Hunter Biden going around the world and collecting large payments from foreign governments and foreign oligarchs.” Peter Schweizer Laura Ingraham Hunter made a fortune in Ukraine and in China. He knew nothing about Energy, or anything else.

RT: President took a firsthand look at border wall construction and received a progress update from Border Pat …
“When someone gets nominated overwhelmingly, and then wins the Election, as he did, then he gets to set the National Agenda. The press is just outrages. This story is the most irresponsible thing I’ve ever seen.” I agree. They also lose too much!
... The Fake News Media nowadays not only doesn’t check for the accuracy of the facts, they knowingly make up the facts. They even make up sources in order to protect their partners, the Democrats. It is so wrong, but they don’t even care anymore. They have gone totally CRAZY!!!
The LameStream Media had a very bad week. They pushed numerous phony stories and got caught, especially The Failing New York Times, which has lost more money over the last 10 years than any paper in history, and The Amazon Washington Post. They are The Enemy of the People!
“Ukraine Foreign Minister disputes reports of any pressure from Trump. This conversation was long, friendly, and it touched on many questions.” Correct. If your looking for something done wrong, just look at the tape of Sleepy Joe. He is being protected by the Media!
“They’re trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal. ” The problem is, “ Trump” did nothing wrong!
“ It appears that an American spy in one of our intelligence agencies may have been spying on our own president. The complaint suggests that this intel agent was listening in on Trump’s conversation...
... with a foreign leader. Was this person officially asked to listen to the conversation or was he or she secretly listening in? ”
“The pretend Ukraine scandal is an another malicious seditious effort to protect the Obama / Clinton gang. Criminal classified leaks and spying targeting Trump — again.”
“They’re trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal. ” The problem is, “ Trump” did nothing wrong!


RT: Friday FOIA dump confirms coup planned to take down, and McCabe used the FBI to pursue the collusion n …

Some of the best Economic Numbers our Country has ever experienced are happening right now. This is despite a Crooked and Demented Deep State, and a probably illegal Democrat / Fake News Media Partnership the likes of which the world has never seen. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


Now that the Democrats and the Fake News Media have gone “bust” on every other of their Witch Hunt schemes, they are trying to start one just as ridiculous as the others, call it the Ukraine Witch Hunt, while at the same time trying to protect Sleepy Joe Biden. Will fail again!
This is the real and only story!
... story about me and a perfectly fine and routine conversation I had with the new President of the Ukraine. Nothing was said that was in any way wrong, but Biden’s demand, on the other hand, was a complete and total disaster. The Fake News knows this but doesn’t want to report!
The Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrat Party, want to stay as far away as possible from the Joe Biden demand that the Ukrainian Government fire a prosecutor who was investigating his son, or they won’t get a very large amount of U. S. money, so they fabricate a...
RT: 🇦 🇺 🇺 🇸 Thank you and for a wonderful evening.
I want to express my gratitude to America’s magnificent for tonight’s exquisite evening where we celebrated more than a century of loyal and devoted friendship between 🇺 🇸 🇦 🇺 Both of our nations are blessed by uncommon courage, unfailing commitment, and unyielding character!
Rachel Campos-Duffy has written a wonderful book for children, “Paloma Wants To Be Lady Freedom.” She and her husband, Sean Duffy, have done so much for our Country. Buy this book - great for the kids!
Thank you, working hard!
🇺 🇸 🇦 🇺
RT: Our history is filled with the stories of courageous men and women who went beyond the call of duty to protect and defend. …
RT: Welcome to the PM Morrison and Mrs. Morrison! 🇺 🇸 🇦 🇺
... statement. Strange that with so many other people hearing or knowing of the perfectly fine and respectful conversation, that they would not have also come forward. Do you know the reason why they did not? Because there was nothing said wrong, it was pitch perfect!
The Radical Left Democrats and their Fake News Media partners, headed up again by Little Adam Schiff, and batting Zero for 21 against me, are at it again! They think I may have had a “dicey ” conversation with a certain foreign leader based on a “ highly partisan” whistleblowers..
Oh no, really big political news, perhaps the biggest story in years! Part time Mayor of New York City, , who was polling at a solid ZERO but had tremendous room for growth, has shocking dropped out of the Presidential race. NYC is devastated, he’s coming home!
“The U. S. Economy is the envy of the world, as Europe and Asia slide ever toward recession. But the Left is trying to avoid talking about the Trump Economy.” The Best Is Yet To Come.
RT: ' when President Trump took office, 1.9 m more unemployed than job openings ' ' now: 1.2 m more job openings than unemployed ' …
RT: Oversight hearing on DC statehood. Dems’ planned map would carve out Trump Hotel. Is it because they want the tax revenue? …
RT: When youth engage in sports, their life outcomes improve dramatically yet youth sports participation has ⬇ ️ in the past de …
Great news. just renewed her deal with Fox. I don’t care how much they paid her, they got a beautiful bargain. Congratulations to both!
RT: GREAT progress on the Border Wall!
RT:
Nice meeting with Mark Zuckerberg of in the Oval Office today.
Because of my Administration, drug prices are down for the first time in almost 50 years — but the American people need Congress to help. I like Sen. Grassley’s drug pricing bill very much, and it’s great to see Speaker Pelosi’s bill today. Let’s get it done in a bipartisan way!
Presidential Harassment!
Another Fake News story out there - It never ends! Virtually anytime I speak on the phone to a foreign leader, I understand that there may be many people listening from various U. S. agencies, not to mention those from the other country itself. No problem!
... Knowing all of this, is anybody dumb enough to believe that I would say something inappropriate with a foreign leader while on such a potentially “heavily populated” call. I would only do what is right anyway, and only do good for the USA!
GREAT progress on the Border Wall!
All Polls, and some brand new Polls, show very little support for impeachment. Such a waste of time, especially with sooo much good that could be done, including prescription drug price reduction, healthcare, infrastructure etc.
Thank you!


Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve Fail Again. No “guts,” no sense, no vision! A terrible communicator!
RT: President has delivered the lowest black unemployment ever; 8000 + urban revitalization enterprise zon …
RT: President is the best president to happen for America since Abraham Lincoln. President Lincoln saved …
Happy 72nd Birthday to our GREAT! #HBDUSAF
... far safer and much less expensive. Many more cars will be produced under the new and uniform standard, meaning significantly more JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Automakers should seize this opportunity because without this alternative to California, you will be out of business.
The Trump Administration is revoking California’s Federal Waiver on emissions in order to produce far less expensive cars for the consumer, while at the same time making the cars substantially SAFER. This will lead to more production because of this pricing and safety...
... advantage, and also due to the fact that older, highly polluting cars, will be replaced by new, extremely environmentally friendly cars. There will be very little difference in emissions between the California Standard and the new U. S. Standard, but the cars will be...
RT:. names new national security adviser:
RT: The RNC smashed another fundraising record last month. Between ' s accomplishments and our grassroots in …
I am pleased to announce that I will name Robert C. O’ Brien, currently serving as the very successful Special Presidential Envoy for Hostage Affairs at the State Department, as our new National Security Advisor. I have worked long & hard with Robert. He will do a great job!
I have just instructed the Secretary of the Treasury to substantially increase Sanctions on the country of Iran!
So nice that our Country is now Energy Independent. The USA is in better shape than ever before. Strongest Military by far, biggest Economy ( no longer even close ), number one in Energy! MAGA = KAG!
Terrence K. Williams, “You can’t impeach Trump for being a winner!”
IIhan Omar, a member of AOC Plus 3, will win us the Great State of Minnesota. The new face of the Democrat Party!
RT: TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME Corey Lewandowski to Sheila Jackson Lee: " Could you repeat the question? I didn't hear it. J …
RT: Since Jan 2017, we’ve made enormous strides in implementing the President’s Working Family Agenda, including doubling the …
RT: It secured the largest ever increase ( from $ 2.9 to $ 5.3 billion ) in the Child Care and Development Block Grant program as …
RT: The New York Times is now blaming an editor for the horrible mistake they made in trying to destroy or influence Justi …
Dummy Beto made it much harder to make a deal. Convinced many that Dems just want to take your guns away. Will continue forward!
RT: some sanity from
RT: Twitter friends: give a follow to the newest conservative member of Congress from North Carolina:!
RT: This latest Kavanaugh “accusation” reminds me an awful lot of the Russia story. Democrats and the mainstream press come ou …
RT: Today at 1 pm ( ET ), you get a chance to get my new book, The United States of Trump, FREE. 5 interviews w President …
RT: Heading to sunny California today! Since President’s election, 870,000 jobs have been ADDED and the unemploy …
RT: Wheels up to California, where President is delivering BIG results! 🇺 🇸
RT: Another record-breaking crowd in New Mexico! expanded the map for Republicans in 2016, and he’s going …
RT: Thanks to President’s historic tax reform legislation, 879 Opportunity Zones will stimulate investment in …
Great!
Thank you Corey!
RT: Jerry Nadler is wasting more of America’s time by hauling’s former campaign manager in to testify. Mue …
RT: Latinos for were out in full force at the #TrumpRally in New Mexico last night! What a GREAT way to celebr …
RT: To all the Democrats who demonize half the country... To all the Hollywood liberals who want us boycotted... It's beca …
RT:.: 30 Years Of GOP ‘Minority Outreach’ Failed — Until Brought Real Results
RT: Which editor deleted the salient fact that the alleged Kavanaugh victim neither recalled the incident nor agree …
RT: Totally agree — a sign of weakness would be a trigger-happy reaction to the drone strike.’s right.
RT: Guess who caught the New York Times ' Kavanaugh authors in another huge error? This time in the Atlantic. " Witnesses Defend …
RT:. worked with the Trump campaign for nearly 2 years. He testified they did not collude or coordinate with Rus …
The Witch Hunt is the greatest political scam in U. S. history! #MAGA
RT: Trump’s OVERFLOW crowd is bigger than any audience Bernie or Biden will ever see. Stood outside at Rio Rancho to support t …
As Corey Lewandowski stated very clearly yesterday in front of the House Judiciary Committee, President Trump didn’t do anything wrong or illegal. But they all know that. The Democrats are hurting our Country, and getting nothing done. Shameful!
No Lindsey, it was a sign of strength that some people just don’t understand!
The New York Times is now blaming an editor for the horrible mistake they made in trying to destroy or influence Justice Brett Kavanaugh. It wasn’t the editor, the Times knew everything. They are sick and desperate, losing in so many ways!

Such a beautiful Opening Statement by Corey Lewandowski! Thank you Corey!
RT: John Adams called the drafting of the Constitution — the bedrock of the rule of law for our Nation — " the greatest single effor …
Just departed New Mexico for California, where we are delivering results!
The New York Times is at its lowest point in its long and storied history. Not only is it losing a lot of money, but it is a journalistic disaster, being laughed at even in the most liberal of enclaves. It has become a very sad joke all all over the World. Witch Hunt hurt them...
... ” That story ( Kavanaugh ) is nowhere near the standard that should be met in publishing a story. ”
If you want to stop the drug smugglers, human traffickers, and vicious MS - 13 gang members from threatening our communities and poisoning our youth, you have only one choice — you must elect more REPUBLICANS! #KAG2020
We are all united by the same love of Country, the same devotion to family, and the same profound faith that America is blessed by the eternal grace of ALMIGHTY GOD! Bound by these convictions, we will campaign for every vote & we will WIN the Great State of NEW MEXICO in 2020!
Beautiful evening in New Mexico with Great American Patriots!
RT: Oil production is up an incredible 110 percent — PLUS, New Mexico's entire mining and logging sector has seen a 40 percent in …
RT: Business creation is thriving in New Mexico!
RT: Proud to recognize Mariano Rivera at the today to receive the Medal of Freedom. We celebrate his incredible career …
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
On my way to New Mexico — see you all shortly at the! #KAG2020
... She can never recover, and will never return to Greatness, under current Management. The Times is DEAD, long live The New York Times!
I call for the Resignation of everybody at The New York Times involved in the Kavanaugh SMEAR story, and while you’re at it, the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax, which is just as phony! They’ve taken the Old Grey Lady and broken her down, destroyed her virtue and ruined her reputation...
One my way to New Mexico — see you all shortly at the! #KAG2020
RT: Earlier: President welcomed the Crown Prince of the Kingdom of Bahrain to the Oval Office!
“How many stories are wrong? Almost all of the stories the New York Times has done are inaccurate and wrong.” The New York Times should close its doors and throw away the keys. The women mentioned in the Kavanaugh story said she didn’t even remember the event.
Congratulations!
RT: It's time for Congress to seal the deal and pass #USMCANow!
RT: The USMCA is a 21st - century trade deal for a 21st - century market that will fuel economic growth right here in Tennessee, cr …
RT: The #USMCA is essential to the future of Texas, America, and our North American allies. Congress must pass this agreement an …
This afternoon at the, it was my great honor to present our nation’s highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, to American baseball legend. Congratulations on this extraordinary achievement, Mo!
Thank you, working hard! #KAG2020
Big crowd expected in New Mexico tonight, where we will WIN. Your Border Wall is getting stronger each and every day — see you in a few hours!
In a short while I will be presenting the New York, the greatest relief pitcher ( Closer! ) of all time, with the Presidential Medal of Freedom in the East Room of the!
They failed on the Mueller Report, they failed on Robert Mueller’s testimony, they failed on everything else, so now the Democrats are trying to build a case that I enrich myself by being President. Good idea, except I will, and have always expected to, lose BILLIONS of DOLLARS..
... for the privilege of being your President - and doing the best job that has been done in many decades. I am far beyond somebody paying for a hotel room for the evening, or filling up a gas tank at an airport I do not own. These Radical Left Democrats are CRAZY! Obama Netflix?
“Democrats would rather talk about gun control than get something done. ” Governor John Sununu The big questions are, will they “ move the goalposts” and, is this just a ploy to TAKE YOUR GUNS AWAY? I hope NOT on both counts, but I’ll be able to figure it out!
Remember when Iran shot down a drone, saying knowingly that it was in their “airspace” when, in fact, it was nowhere close. They stuck strongly to that story knowing that it was a very big lie. Now they say that they had nothing to do with the attack on Saudi Arabia. We’ll see?
Just Out: “Kavanaugh accuser doesn’t recall incident.” DO YOU BELIEVE WHAT THESE HORRIBLE PEOPLE WILL DO OR SAY. They are looking to destroy, and influence his opinions - but played the game badly. They should be sued!
“What’s happening to Justice Kavanaugh is a disgrace. This guy is not a good man, he is a great man. He has to go to his church with his family while these terrible reports are being written about him, a disgrace!” Dan Bongino
“The New York Times walks back report on Kavanaugh assault claim.” The one who is actually being assaulted is Justice Kavanaugh - Assaulted by lies and Fake News! This is all about the LameStream Media working with their partner, the Dems.
... The United States, because of the Federal Reserve, is paying a MUCH higher Interest Rate than other competing countries. They can’t believe how lucky they are that Jay Powell & the Fed don’t have a clue. And now, on top of it all, the Oil hit. Big Interest Rate Drop, Stimulus!
Producer prices in China shrank most in 3 years due to China’s big devaluation of their currency, coupled with monetary stimulus. Federal Reserve not watching? Will Fed ever get into the game? Dollar strongest EVER! Really bad for exports. No Inflation... Highest Interest Rates...
Because we have done so well with Energy over the last few years ( thank you, Mr. President! ), we are a net Energy Exporter, & now the Number One Energy Producer in the World. We don’t need Middle Eastern Oil & Gas, & in fact have very few tankers there, but will help our Allies!
The. “ This week, the Senate passed a milestone in confirming the 150th Federal Judge of Mr. Trump’s Administration to a lifetime appointment, far outstripping Barack Obama’s pace and fulfilling pledges by Mr. Trump and Mr. O’ Connell to remake the Federal Judiciary...
... ’ These Conservative Judicial appointments will impact our nation for years to come ,’said Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, who leads the Judiciary Committee and who has been speeding through Trump nominees. ” The entire Court System is changing at a record pace!
House Judiciary has given up on the Mueller Report, sadly for them after two years and $ 40,000, 000 spent - ZERO COLLUSION, ZERO OBSTRUCTION. So they say, OK, lets look at everything else, and all of the deals that “Trump” has done over his lifetime. But it doesn’t...
... work that way. I have a better idea. Look at the Obama Book Deal, or the ridiculous Netflix deal. Then look at all the deals made by the Dems in Congress, the “Congressional Slush Fund,” and lastly the IG Reports. Take a look at them. Those investigations would be over FAST!
“We cannot have what happened to this President happen again. ” Joe DiGenova. “ It is time for Justice to come barreling in.” Can you imagine that with everything going on in this World, the Witch Hunt, though on a respirator, is still whimpering along. A disgrace!
The Fake News is saying that I am willing to meet with Iran, “No Conditions.” That is an incorrect statement ( as usual! ).
Here we go again with General Motors and the United Auto Workers. Get together and make a deal!
PLENTY OF OIL!
Saudi Arabia oil supply was attacked. There is reason to believe that we know the culprit, are locked and loaded depending on verification, but are waiting to hear from the Kingdom as to who they believe was the cause of this attack, and under what terms we would proceed!
... sufficient to keep the markets well-supplied. I have also informed all appropriate agencies to expedite approvals of the oil pipelines currently in the permitting process in Texas and various other States.
Based on the attack on Saudi Arabia, which may have an impact on oil prices, I have authorized the release of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, if needed, in a to-be-determined amount...
... Then, on top of it all, Kathleen Parker, of all people, wrote “In Case You Were Wondering, Trump Won The Debate.” True, but what is going on at the? NOT Fake News!
Can’t believe the wrote a positive front page story, “Unity Issue Has Parties Pointing To Trump. GOP Goes All In, While Democrats Clash Over Ideology & Tactics. Mr. President, We Are With You The Entire Way. REPUBLICANS Have... Coalesced Around Trump.”...
I am fighting the Fake ( Corrupt ) News, the Deep State, the Democrats, and the few remaining Republicans In Name Only ( RINOS, who are on mouth to mouth resuscitation ), with the help of some truly great Republicans, and others. We are Winning big ( 150th Federal Judge this week )!
Can’t let Brett Kavanaugh give Radical Left Democrat ( Liberal Plus ) Opinions based on threats of Impeaching him over made up stories ( sound familiar? ), false allegations, and lies. This is the game they play. Fake and Corrupt News is working overtime! #ProtectKavanaugh
Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for libel, or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Can’t let that happen!
RT: “He is saying with a loud voice, ‘ I see you, I hear you, I appreciate you, I value you and I want you all to win! ’” Paris …
RT: So awesome to see all of these college students mobilizing this early for and Republicans! #LeadRight h …
Thank you and. Great interview!
Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for liable, or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Can’t let that happen!
Now the Radical Left Democrats and their Partner, the LameStream Media, are after Brett Kavanaugh again, talking loudly of their favorite word, impeachment. He is an innocent man who has been treated HORRIBLY. Such lies about him. They want to scare him into turning Liberal!
All based on NOTHING! The Dems can’t get anything positive done, and probably don’t want to.
Thank you Billy!
Thank you!
RT: Our data shows’s approval among Hispanic Americans in Texas has increased by 20 % since 2016. That mea …
RT:. is fully committed to defending America and bringing terrorists to justice.
My great honor!
That is true, and the USA is Winning Again!
RT: Great OpEd by ⁦ ⁩
RT: Great news about the work we are doing on illegal immigration!
RT: Couldn’t agree more. The American people deserve the truth.
Amazing!
RT:.: While Democrat candidates remain oblivious & out of touch, Americans... are taking note of the positive impact th …
RT: President Trump reports that Hamza bin Ladin, al Qaeda leader and son of Osama bin Laden, “ was killed in a United States …
The Taliban has never been hit harder than it is being hit right now. Killing 12 people, including one great American soldier, was not a good idea. There are much better ways to set up a negotiation. The Taliban knows they made a big mistake, and they have no idea how to recover!
I ’ m OK with that!
I had a call today with Prime Minister Netanyahu to discuss the possibility of moving forward with a Mutual Defense Treaty, between the United States and Israel, that would further anchor the tremendous alliance...
... between our two countries. I look forward to continuing those discussions after the Israeli Elections when we meet at the United Nations later this month!
RT: #FISA oversight falls squarely within the Judiciary Committee’s jurisdiction. We must address concerns outlined in the …
RT: The IG report on potential FISA abuse is complete. Now being reviewed. Huge. Documents we’ve seen leave little to zero …
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
94 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party! Tuesday night in the Great State of North Carolina proved that high and very beautiful number correct.
RT: The two big Congressional wins in North Carolina on Tuesday, Dan Bishop and Greg Murphy, have reverberated all over th …
Who the hell is Joy-Ann Reid? Never met her, she knows ZERO about me, has NO talent, and truly doesn’t have the “it” factor needed for success in showbiz. Had a bad reputation, and now works for the Comcast / NBC losers making up phony stories about me. Low Ratings. Fake News!
“A Very Stable Genius!” Thank you.
While I like the Vaping alternative to Cigarettes, we need to make sure this alternative is SAFE for ALL! Let’s get counterfeits off the market, and keep young children from Vaping!
Great news about the work we are doing on illegal immigration!
Historic Milestone indeed!
The two big Congressional wins in North Carolina on Tuesday, Dan Bishop and Greg Murphy, have reverberated all over the World. They showed a lot of people how strong the Republican Party is, and how well it is doing. 2020 is a big, and very important, Election. We will WIN!
... VERY stupidly negotiated Trade Deals, and Illegal Immigration, are a tremendous cost and burden to our Country. They are BOTH coming along very well and someday, in the not too distant future, America will see a very positive change. Remember, America First!
Illegal Immigration costs the USA over 300 Billion Dollars a year. There is no reason for this, and things are being set in motion to have this number come WAY DOWN. Democrats could end Loopholes and it would be a whole lot easier, and faster. But it will all happen anyway!...
... IG Report, which showed him to be a Disgraced & Dirty Cop. Republicans have unified like never before. You don’t impeach Presidents for doing a good ( great! ) job. No Obstruction, No Collusion, only treasonous crimes committed by the other side, and led by the Democrats. Sad!
How do you impeach a President who has helped create perhaps the greatest economy in the history of our Country? All time best unemployment numbers, especially for Blacks, Hispanics, Asians & Women. More people working today than ever before. Rebuilt Military & Choice for Vets...
... Became Number 1 in World & Independent in Energy. Will soon have record number of Judges, 2 SC Justices. Done more than any President in first 2 1/2 years despite phony & fraudulent Witch Hunt illegally led against him. WIN on Mueller Report, Mueller Testimony & James Comey..
RT: Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee: - First voted to take away Americans ' firearms - Then voted to impeach the guy w …
RT: Even the Washington Post, the Democrats favorite newspaper, supports passage of the #USMCA. Congress should pass it this fall and g …
RT: Wow.
RT: Proud to announce that has just been named the # 1 “ Best Hotel in the World! " Congratulations to our remarkable tea …
RT: Looks like we might be getting accountability for the Comey Cabal.
RT: Comey: - Opened Trump-Russia investigation - Put Peter “we’ll stop Trump” Strzok in charge - Allowed Dossier to be used - Leake …
RT: If reports are accurate that the DOJ is recommending charges against former FBI Deputy Director Andy McCabe, I ’ m not surp …
Hello Baltimore!
In fact, my views on Venezuela, and especially Cuba, were far stronger than those of John Bolton. He was holding me back!
“This should have been over with after the Mueller Report came out.”
“We can’t beat him, so lets impeach him!” Democrat Rep. Al Green
“Dems have never gotten over the fact that President Trump won the Election!” McCarthy
Some really big Court wins on the Border lately!
It is expected that China will be buying large amounts of our agricultural products!
European Central Bank, acting quickly, Cuts Rates 10 Basis Points. They are trying, and succeeding, in depreciating the Euro against the VERY strong Dollar, hurting U. S. exports... And the Fed sits, and sits, and sits. They get paid to borrow money, while we are paying interest!
RT: The U. S. joins 11 partner nations in invoking the Rio Treaty to confront the political, economic, & humanitarian crisis unle …
RT: Socialism SUCKS and is flying high above the Dem debate in Houston to remind the circus in town that their policie …
RT: A ship carrying passengers who included a group of ‘ Climate Change Warriors’ who are concerned about melting Arctic ice g …
RT:
Thank you Brandon!
Thank you!
The Wall is going up very fast despite total Obstruction by Democrats in Congress, and elsewhere!
RT: The House Judiciary Committee has a storied history of defending the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. But today, Democ …
The Wall is being built after victories against the Democrats in various courts!
RT: The #USMCA is a deal for the 21st Century that will support mutually beneficial trade and lead to freer and fairer markets! #USMCAn …
RT: The #USMCA is the modern trade deal that hardworking Americans across the country deserve. The time for Congress to put Americans F …
RT: The #USMCA means: ✅ Stronger Economic Growth ✅ More Jobs ✅ More Exports ✅ Rising Wages Let’s pass a trade deal for ALL Americans! …
RT: Not only will the #USMCA benefit America’s farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers, it will add billions to the already booming econom …
RT: When will the Judiciary Committee get to question IG Horowitz about his scathing Comey report?: " I'm not s …
RT: Congrats on the new book, 🇺 🇸
RT: Sostuvimos una buena conversación telefónica con el presidente Donald Trump. Se reafirmó la voluntad de mantener una rel …
I had an excellent telephone conversation with Andrés Manuel López Obrador, President of Mexico, talking about Southern Border Security, and various other things of mutual interest for the people of our respective countries...
... The Southern Border is becoming very strong despite the obstruction by Democrats not agreeing to do anything on Loopholes or Asylum!
... on October 1st, we have agreed, as a gesture of good will, to move the increased Tariffs on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods ( 25 % to 30 % ), from October 1st to October 15th.
At the request of the Vice Premier of China, Liu He, and due to the fact that the People's Republic of China will be celebrating their 70th Anniversary...
BIG United States Supreme Court WIN for the Border on Asylum!
Today and every day, we pledge to honor our history, to treasure our liberty, to uplift our communities, to live up to our values, to prove worthy of our heroes, and above all, to NEVER FORGET. #Honor911
RT:. & participate in a moment of silence at the September 11th Pentagon Observance Ceremony at the …
RT: On September 11, 2001, the world witnessed the power of American defiance.
RT: President at the Pentagon: " The First Lady and I are united with you in grief... We cannot erase the pa …
Leaving the White House soon to speak at the Pentagon. My great honor!
If it weren’t for the never ending Fake News about me, and with all that I have done ( more than any other President in the first 2 1/2 years! ), I would be leading the “Partners” of the LameStream Media by 20 points. Sorry, but true!
In a hypothetical poll, done by one of the worst pollsters of them all, the Amazon Washington Post / ABC, which predicted I would lose to Crooked Hillary by 15 points ( how did that work out? ), Sleepy Joe, Pocahontas and virtually all others would beat me in the General Election...
... This is a phony suppression poll, meant to build up their Democrat partners. I haven’t even started campaigning yet, and am constantly fighting Fake News like Russia, Russia, Russia. Look at North Carolina last night. Dan Bishop, down big in the Polls, WINS. Easier than 2016!
RT: Broward schools put this MONSTER in class with my beautiful daughter. They knew exactly what he was. They gave him a …
RT:
RT: China is moving to develop a more level playing field: Sen. Perdue
RT: Greg Murphy won big, 62 % to 37 %, in North Carolina 03, & the Fake News barely covered the race. The win was far bigger …
RT: BIG NIGHT FOR THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL!
The Federal Reserve should get our interest rates down to ZERO, or less, and we should then start to refinance our debt. INTEREST COST COULD BE BROUGHT WAY DOWN, while at the same time substantially lengthening the term. We have the great currency, power, and balance sheet...
... The USA should always be paying the the lowest rate. No Inflation! It is only the naïveté of Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve that doesn’t allow us to do what other countries are already doing. A once in a lifetime opportunity that we are missing because of “Boneheads.”

“China suspends Tariffs on some U. S. products. Being hit very hard, supply chains breaking up as many companies move, or look to move, to other countries. Much more expensive to China than originally thought.”
Greg Murphy won big, 62 % to 37 %, in North Carolina 03, & the Fake News barely covered the race. The win was far bigger than anticipated - there was just nothing the Fakers could say to diminish or demean the scope of this victory. So we had TWO BIG VICTORIES tonight, Greg & Dan!
Alice Stewart: Thank you for the nice words while on concerning the TWO big Republican Congressional victories. You ’ d be great on a network with much higher ratings. Keep up the good work!

RT: GOP 2, Democrats 0 Revolution not retirements. Congrats Dan Bishop and Dr. Greg Murphy! Well done, and …
. & were all set to have a BIG victory, until Dan Bishop won North Carolina 09. Now you will hear them barely talk about, or cover, the race. Fake News never wins!
BIG NIGHT FOR THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL!
Greg Murphy is a big winner in North Carolina 03. Much bigger margins than originally anticipated. Congratulations Greg!
Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help, we changed his strategy together, and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. & are moving their big studio equipment and talent out. Stay tuned!
Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help, we changed his strategy together, and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. & are moving their big studio equipment and to talent out. Stay tuned!
Senator Ben Sasse has done a wonderful job representing the people of Nebraska. He is great with our Vets, the Military, and your very important Second Amendment. Strong on Crime and the Border, Ben has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
I am pleased to endorse Governor Mike Parson of Missouri. He is very Popular, Strong, and knows what he is doing – he gets it! Based on the fact that Mike has announced he will run again in 2020 for Governor, Mike Parson has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Excellent interview by on on. Very interesting and secure perspective on life.
One down, one to go – Greg Murphy is projected to win in the Great State of North Carolina! #NC03
Incredible progress being made at the Southern Border!
RT: Vote today for Dan Bishop. Will be great for North Carolina and our Country!
RT: NORTH CAROLINA, VOTE FOR DAN BISHOP TODAY. WE NEED HIM BADLY IN WASHINGTON!
RT: Last night in North Carolina was incredible!
... I asked John for his resignation, which was given to me this morning. I thank John very much for his service. I will be naming a new National Security Advisor next week.
I informed John Bolton last night that his services are no longer needed at the White House. I disagreed strongly with many of his suggestions, as did others in the Administration, and therefore...
Vote today for Dan Bishop. Will be great for North Carolina and our Country!
One of the greatest and most powerful weapons used by the Fake and Corrupt News Media is the phony Polling Information they put out. Many of these polls are fixed, or worked in such a way that a certain candidate will look good or bad. Internal polling looks great, the best ever!
ABC / Washington Post Poll was the worst and most inaccurate poll of any taken prior to the 2016 Election. When my lawyers protested, they took a 12 point down and brought it to almost even by Election Day. It was a Fake Poll by two very bad and dangerous media outlets. Sad!
NORTH CAROLINA, VOTE FOR DAN BISHOP TODAY. WE NEED HIM BADLY IN WASHINGTON!
RT: 🚨 Happening Now — departing the for North Carolina...
RT: In August, the African American unemployment rate fell to a historic low of 5.5 %. African American women are benefiting …
RT: Received an update on Air Force One at MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina, regarding damage caused by Hurricane Doria …
RT: Thrilled to be here in the great state of North Carolina with a man who has been fighting every day to keep the promises he …
RT: It has been two and a half years of promises made and promises kept which is why we need FOUR MORE YEARS of President …
RT: Here in North Carolina, we believed you could be strong again and we believed you could be prosperous again. You said yes t …
RT: Great to be w / + 175 leaders from gov, industry & academia for the #AIinGovSummit to highlight innovative effor …
RT: The Alabama Success story: Since the Trump election.. 👍 🏻 The unemployment rate has fallen 2.5 % and reached an all time lo …
RT: THANK YOU Fayetteville, North Carolina! Make sure you get out and VOTE TOMORROW for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murph …
Last night in North Carolina was incredible!
Great job by the U. S. Coast Guard!
THANK YOU! GREAT JOB!!
RT: Great time stopping by Rock Store BBQ in Marshville for lunch with, &! Thanks for the …
RT: Thank you to everyone at the working hard to get to Washington! Keep up the great work! #NC09
Beautiful evening in Fayetteville tonight! Big day in North Carolina tomorrow. Make sure you get out and VOTE for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03!
THANK YOU Fayetteville, North Carolina! Make sure you get out and VOTE TOMORROW for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03!!
NORTH CAROLINA — Vote for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03 TOMORROW. Make it a great day for Republicans!
Received an update on Air Force One at MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina, regarding damage caused by Hurricane Dorian.
Departing MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina for Fayetteville, North Carolina. This is amazing!
Speaking to Governor of South Carolina on my way to North Carolina for a big rally for Dan Bishop ( ) running for Congress. Vote tomorrow! #NC09
To every one of the HEROES we recognized today — THANK YOU and God Bless You All!
RT: President awarded six police officers from Dayton, Ohio, with the Medal of Valor and honored five American …
We have been serving as policemen in Afghanistan, and that was not meant to be the job of our Great Soldiers, the finest on earth. Over the last four days, we have been hitting our Enemy harder than at any time in the last ten years!
... the Economy, where there is NO Recession, much to the regret of the LameStream Media! They are working overtime to help the Democrats win in 2020, but that will NEVER HAPPEN, Americans are too smart!
... the look of turmoil in the White House, of which there is none. I view much of the media as simply an arm of the Democrat Party. They are corrupt, and they are extremely upset at how well our Country is doing under MY Leadership, including...
A lot of Fake News is being reported that I overruled the VP and various advisers on a potential Camp David meeting with the Taliban. This Story is False! I always think it is good to meet and talk, but in this case I decided not to. The Dishonest Media likes to create...
RT: Just now, President honored 11 incredible patriots, each of whom stepped forward to save lives in the face …
The Trump Administration has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done, and are doing, but the people know, and that’s all that is important!
I had nothing to do with the decision of our great Mike Pence to stay overnight at one of the Trump owned resorts in Doonbeg, Ireland. Mike’s family has lived in Doonbeg for many years, and he thought that during his very busy European visit, he would stop and see his family!
I know nothing about an Air Force plane landing at an airport ( which I do not own and have nothing to do with ) near Turnberry Resort ( which I do own ) in Scotland, and filling up with fuel, with the crew staying overnight at Turnberry ( they have good taste! ). NOTHING TO DO WITH ME
The Trump Administrations has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done, and are doing, but the people know, and that’s all that is important!
.. that this Administration has done. They don’t talk about the great economy, the big tax and regulation cuts, the rebuilding of the Military, “Choice” at our VA, our Vets, Judges and Supreme Court Justices, the Border Wall going up, lowest crime numbers, 2nd A, and so much more!
As bad as is, Comcast MSNBC is worse. Their ratings are also way down because they have lost all credibility. I believe their stories about me are not 93 % negative, but actually 100 % negative. They are incapable of saying anything positive, despite all of the great things...
Great news that an activist investor is now involved with AT & T. As the owner of VERY LOW RATINGS, perhaps they will now put a stop to all of the Fake News emanating from its non-credible “anchors.” Also, I hear that, because of its bad ratings, it is losing a fortune...
... But most importantly, is bad for the USA. Their International Division spews bad information & Fake News all over the globe. This is why foreign leaders are always asking me, “Why does the Media hate the U. S. sooo much?” It is a fraudulent shame, & all comes from the top!
94 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. Thank you!
House Republicans should allow Chairs of Committees to remain for longer than 6 years. It forces great people, and real leaders, to leave after serving. The Dems have unlimited terms. While that has its own problems, it is a better way to go. Fewer people, in the end, will leave!
... but then he ran for Congress and won, only to lose his re-elect after I Tweeted my endorsement, on Election Day, for his opponent. But now take heart, he is back, and running for President of the United States. The Three Stooges, all badly failed candidates, will give it a go!
When the former Governor of the Great State of South Carolina, , was reported missing, only to then say he was away hiking on the Appalachian Trail, then was found in Argentina with his Flaming Dancer friend, it sounded like his political career was over. It was,...
North Carolina, vote for Dan Bishop tomorrow. We need him badly in Washington! His opponent is a far left Sanctuary Cities supporter.
RT: Today, was informed that His Highness Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, Amir of the State …
RT:... The wishes his friend, the Amir, a speedy recovery and looks forward to welcoming him back to Washington as s …
RT: I met with officials today to discuss support as they assess damage and address needs in hard-hit communi …
RT: Navarro: Trump's economy is solid as a rock
Maria & John understood the dishonesty & deception from the very beginning!
When all of the people pushing so hard for Criminal Justice Reform were unable to come even close to getting it done, they came to me as a group and asked for my help. I got it done with a group of Senators & others who would never have gone for it. Obama couldn’t come close...
... A man named, and many others, were profusely grateful ( at that time! ). I SIGNED IT INTO LAW, no one else did, & Republicans deserve much credit. But now that it is passed, people that had virtually nothing to do with it are taking the praise. Guys like boring...
... musician, and his filthy mouthed wife, are talking now about how great it is - but I didn’t see them around when we needed help getting it passed. “Anchor” doesn’t even bring up the subject of President Trump or the Republicans when talking about...
... the importance or passage of Criminal Justice Reform. They only talk about the minor players, or people that had nothing to do with it... And the people that so desperately sought my help when everyone else had failed, all they talk about now is Impeaching President Trump!
RT: “ This is a momentous occasion for the arts. ", who is the Honorary Chair of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Perfo …
RT: I look forward to visiting Alabama on Tuesday! 🇺 🇸

RT: ⁦ #Video of ⁩ dancing with Paraguayan women, as her South American trip comes to an end today. #WGDP
RT: Thank you for continuing to show America’s support for the people of Venezuela! We will not stop fighting until they h …
RT: YESTERDAY: Ivanka Trump meets with the Paraguay Pres. Mario Abdo Benítez during her trip in South America.
RT: “ We stand with the people of Venezuela in their struggle to restore democracy, freedom and rule of law. It was deeply m …
Congratulations to Pirro on having, again, the Number One Best Selling Book!
Looking forward to being in the North Carolina tomorrow night. We’re having a BIG RALLY for a great guy, Dan Bishop. Strong on Crime, Borders, your Military and our Vets, we need Dan Bishop in Washington badly. His opponent is WEAK on Crime, Borders, and against your 2nd A.
WE ARE BUILDING THE WALL...
Leakin ’ Lyin ’ James Comey!

... an attack in Kabul that killed one of our great great soldiers, and 11 other people. I immediately cancelled the meeting and called off peace negotiations. What kind of people would kill so many in order to seemingly strengthen their bargaining position? They didn’t, they...
... only made it worse! If they cannot agree to a ceasefire during these very important peace talks, and would even kill 12 innocent people, then they probably don’t have the power to negotiate a meaningful agreement anyway. How many more decades are they willing to fight?
Unbeknownst to almost everyone, the major Taliban leaders and, separately, the President of Afghanistan, were going to secretly meet with me at Camp David on Sunday. They were coming to the United States tonight. Unfortunately, in order to build false leverage, they admitted to..
RT: “ News coverage of President Trump has been 92 % negative. The most egregious and dangerous forms of this bias thrived th …
RT: Elizabeth Warren promises to declare war on American energy. " I will ban fracking — everywhere. "
RT: Swedish behavioral scientist Magnus Söderlund has suggested that eating other people after they die could be a means of …
RT:. retweeted our petition! Right now, our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels & violent c …
RT: Everything is on the line. "... the Democrats will move for an outright repeal of the Second Amendment, " said …
RT:
... FAKE NEWS. I would like very much to stop referring to this ridiculous story, but the LameStream Media just won’t let it alone. They always have to have the last word, even though they know they are defrauding & deceiving the public. The public knows that the Media is corrupt!
The Failing New York Times stated, in an article written by Obama flunky Peter Baker ( who lovingly wrote Obama book ), ” Even after the President forecast the storm to include Alabama. ” THIS IS NOT TRUE. I said, VERY EARLY ON, that it MAY EVEN hit Alabama. A BIG DIFFERENCE...
Our Economy is doing great!!!
RT: The United States stands without apology for a strong, prosperous, and free United Kingdom and we fully support their decision to l …
RT: New from - in August, the #unemployment rate remained at 3.7 %, and has been under 4 % for 18 consecutive months, …
RT: Congress has an opportunity to replace NAFTA with a deal that protects American workers — and " would boost the fortunes of Am …
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Congratulations to the GREAT Jerry West!
Thank you Katie. The U. S. is doing great!
Russia and Ukraine just swapped large numbers of prisoners. Very good news, perhaps a first giant step to peace. Congratulations to both countries!
“In 22 years of patrolling our Southern Border, I have never seen Mexico act like a true Border Security Partner until President Trump got involved, and now they are stepping up to the plate and doing what they need to do.” Brandon Judd, National Border Patrol
The Washington Post’s ( Mr. Off the Record ) &, two nasty lightweight reporters, shouldn’t even be allowed on the grounds of the White House because their reporting is so DISGUSTING & FAKE. Also, add the appointment of MANY Federal Judges this Summer!
I want to congratulate Mitch McConnell and all Republicans. Today I signed the 160th Federal Judge to the Bench. Within a short period of time we will be at over 200 Federal Judges, including many in the Appellate Courts & two great new U. S. Supreme Court Justices!
... I would also like to thank “Papa” Doug Manchester, hopefully the next Ambassador to the Bahamas, for the incredible amount of time, money and passion he has spent on helping to bring safety to the Bahamas. Much work to be done by the Bahamian Government. We will help!
Thank you to Bahamian Prime Minister Hubert Minnis for your very gracious and kind words in saying that without the help of the United States and me, their would have been many more casualties. I give all credit to FEMA, the U. S. Coast Guard, & the brave people of the Bahamas..
China just enacted a major stimulus plan. With all the Tariffs THEY are paying to the USA, Billions and Billions of Dollars, they need it! In the meantime, our Federal Reserve sits back and does NOTHING!
PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT!

... that were not hit – and that are in good condition. Any cruise ship companies willing to act as stationary housing, etc., I am sure would be appreciated!
The, , and all others, along with other countries that have been helping, have been asked to move people in the badly hit sections of the Bahamas to other sections of the Bahamas...
“The Washington Post’s Lost Summer”


“China is eating the Tariffs.” Billions pouring into USA. Targeted Patriot Farmers getting massive Dollars from the incoming Tariffs! Good Jobs Numbers, No Inflation ( Fed ). China having worst year in decades. Talks happening, good for all!
The Economy is great. The only thing adding to “uncertainty” is the Fake News!
Great job by FEMA, Law Enforcement, First Responders, U. S. Coast Guard, and ALL! Keep going, we all appreciate what you are doing!
... partner should start playing it straight. It would be so much better for our Country!
The Fake News Media was fixated on the fact that I properly said, at the beginnings of Hurricane Dorian, that in addition to Florida & other states, Alabama may also be grazed or hit. They went Crazy, hoping against hope that I made a mistake ( which I didn’t ). Check out maps...
... This nonsense has never happened to another President. Four days of corrupt reporting, still without an apology. But there are many things that the Fake News Media has not apologized to me for, like the Witch Hunt, or SpyGate! The LameStream Media and their Democrat...
Larry Kudlow on now!
Our great has just written a book that will add to the tremendous success of her last number one best seller. It’s called, “Radicals, Resistance, and Revenge, The Left’s Plot To Remake America.” It is a FANTASTIC book. Go get it!
Great interview of Sarah Sanders by. She is a terrific person with a great future!
Congratulations to and his sister on a great success. What a wonderful thing to do!
I agree with, the Fed should lower rates. They were WAY too early to raise, and Way too late to cut - and big dose quantitative tightening didn’t exactly help either. Where did I find this guy Jerome? Oh well, you can’t win them all!
DACA will be going before the Supreme Court. It is a document that even President Obama didn’t feel he had the legal right to sign - he signed it anyway! Rest assured that if the SC does what all say it must, based on the law, a bipartisan deal will be made to the benefit of all!
... have the discretion to end the program that President Obama began in his discretion. That program was unlawful to begin with. I think it’s very unlikely that the SCOTUS is going to issue an order reinstating what it believes is an unlawful program. DACA Is unlawful. ”...
... President Obama never had the legal right to sign DACA, and he indicated so at the time of signing. But In any event, how can he have the right to sign and I don’t have the right to “unsigned.” Totally illegal document which would actually give the President new powers.
The Immigration Law Institute’s Christopher Hajec says, “ The Supreme Court has to look st whether DACA is lawful. What they are looking at now is whether Trump’s recision of DACA is lawful. Must consider lawfulness of DACA itself. Looks very odd that President Trump doesn’t...
RT: Here's the 1am EDT update on #Dorian: Tropical Storm Conditions Continue to Spread Northward Along the North Carolina Coa …
RT: Hurricane #Dorian Advisory 51: Core of Hurricane Dorian Brushing the Coast of North Carolina.
“I think President Trump is set in his ways because he doesn’t see any weakening. I mean, look at the joblessness report today. What I’ m surprised at is how strong the consumer is. I think the Chinese need it ( a deal ) more than we do. It’s statistical. I just think...
... that our economy is very strong. If the Fed would lower rates to where the bond market says they should be, then I really wouldn’t worry about a recession. ”
RT:.: Thursday’s positive economic data may get some commentators to ease up on the desire to endlessly call for …
Looking forward to watching Sanders tomorrow morning on, by far the # 1 rated show on Morning Cable at 8: 30am. Sarah will be an incredible addition to!
Great job done by, , Senator, and all of the those from Florida that were so brilliantly involved, including, , Law Enforcement and First Responders. Thank you all!
Just got off the phone with Governor Brian Kemp ( ) of Georgia. Happy to hear that things are looking good for everyone. I stand by ready to assist, along with our great team at – we’re with you ALL THE WAY!
Just spoke to Governor of South Carolina regarding Hurricane Dorian. I informed Henry that we are monitoring South Carolina and stand by ready to assist. Be safe everyone, we are totally with you!
Just talked to Governor Roy Cooper of North Carolina as Hurricane Dorian ominously comes up the East Coast. We are monitoring it at the, ready to assist via our great team over at, who are already on site. We are with you all the way North Carolina. BE SAFE!
RT: Here are the 5pm EDT Key Messages on Hurricane #Dorian. Life-threatening storm surge and dangerous winds and flash floodi …
I was with you all the way Alabama. The Fake News Media was not!
Just as I said, Alabama was originally projected to be hit. The Fake News denies it!
RT: [ Sep 5, 1 `: 25 PM ] - Winds are picking back up #41004, 47 miles SE from Charleston as #Dorian's eye moves awa …
RT: Here are the 11 am EDT key messages on Hurricane #Dorian. The latest full advisory is always available at
After almost 3 years in my Administration, Jason Greenblatt will be leaving to pursue work in the private sector. Jason has been a loyal and great friend and fantastic lawyer...
... His dedication to Israel and to seeking peace between Israel and the Palestinians won’t be forgotten. He will be missed. Thank you Jason!
Really Good Jobs Numbers!
Alabama was going to be hit or grazed, and then Hurricane Dorian took a different path ( up along the East Coast ). The Fake News knows this very well. That’s why they’re the Fake News!
... said what she did, even being on a much higher rated show, she would have been thrown off television. Will Fake News NBC allow a McCarthy style Racist to continue? ABC fired Roseanne. Watch the double standard!
Bad “actress ” Debra The Mess Messing is in hot water. She wants to create a “ Blacklist” of Trump supporters, & is being accused of McCarthyism. Is also being accused of being a Racist because of the terrible things she said about blacks and mental illness. If Roseanne Barr...
RT: Beyond Hurricane #Dorian and TS #Gabrielle, we're monitoring 3 other disturbances with a low chance of becoming tropical …
RT: Video of a tornado passing near Pender County Fire Station 18 along Highway 17 near Sidbury Rd. Video courtesty of Sta …
RT: 7 AM EDT Tropical Cyclone Update for Hurricane #Dorian: Tropical Storm Conditions Occurring Along Portions of the South C …
RT: President Trump Border Update 500 Miles of Wall Complete by Close of 2020 Irregular Migration Reduced by 50 % #BuildTheWal …
RT: This was the originally projected path of the Hurricane in its early stages. As you can see, almost all models predict …
In the early days of the hurricane, when it was predicted that Dorian would go through Miami or West Palm Beach, even before it reached the Bahamas, certain models strongly suggested that Alabama & Georgia would be hit as it made its way through Florida & to the Gulf...
... Instead it turned North and went up the coast, where it continues now. In the one model through Florida, the Great State of Alabama would have been hit or grazed. In the path it took, no. Read my FULL FEMA statement. What I said was accurate! All Fake News in order to demean!
RT: The announcer couldn't even get through his speech without choking up for this sweet Army mom homecoming. ❤ ️ ⚾ ️ 🇺 🇸
Thank you Rad - looking great!
Thank you Terrence. Best Employment Numbers In History for African Americans!
RT: 7 pm Tropical Cyclone Update: #Dorian lashing the Georgia and South Carolina Coast. The next intermediate advisory will …

“ Absolutely nothing is more important than going back & getting to the bottom of the origins of the investigation. We had an administration using America’s Spying Apparatus to spy on a political opponent at the height of a presidential election. Those are all known, undisputed...
... facts, and that should terrify every American regardless of their political stripe. The idea that all of that information hasn’t already been revealed shows how dastardly these people are, and how terrified they are about what’s going to happen when that...
... information does come out. ” Charlie Hurt, Washington Times
This was the originally projected path of the Hurricane in its early stages. As you can see, almost all models predicted it to go through Florida also hitting Georgia and Alabama. I accept the Fake News apologies!
State Rep Greg Murphy is running for Congress in North Carolina, District 3. We really need Greg in Washington. He is great w / the Military, our Vets, & your 2A. Strong on Crime and the Border, has had my Total Endorsement for a long time. Please vote for Greg on September 10th!
RT: The Great State of North Carolina has EARLY VOTING for a very important Congressional ( Ninth ) race. Please vote early …
1. Which country has the largest carbon emission reduction? AMERICA! 2. Who has dumped the most carbon into the air? CHINA! 3. 91 % of the world’s population are exposed to air pollution above the World Health Organization’s suggested level. NONE ARE IN THE U. S. A.!
4. The U. S. now leads the world in energy production... BUT... 5. Who's got the world's cleanest and safest air and water? AMERICA!
6. The Democrats’ destructive “environmental” proposals will raise your energy bill and prices at the pump. Don't the Democrats care about fighting American poverty?
7. The badly flawed Paris Climate Agreement protects the polluters, hurts Americans, and cost a fortune. NOT ON MY WATCH! 8. I want crystal clean water and the cleanest and the purest air on the planet – we’ve now got that!
8 FACTS that #FakeNewsCNN will ignore in tonight’s “Climate Forum”
RT: President gives an update on Hurricane #Dorian:
RT: The Hurricane Warning has been extended northward to the North Carolina / Virginia border, including Albemarle and Pamlico …
... Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. They’re sitting there and saying, gee, are we next? Maybe you are! We’ve got to change the rules. The U. S. can’t defend the world and pay for it...
... We can’t have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries, which have long charged us big tariffs. Don’t keep ducking the reality. The U. S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done. ” Sam Zell
“ The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. You’ve got to be very tough, and that’s what Trump is doing. It’s in China’s interest to correct, and I think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today. Frankly, I think the impact of what...
RT: Water levels could begin to rise well in advance of the arrival of strong winds. The surge will be accompanie …
RT: Here's the latest #Dorian storm surge forecast from this morning. The water could reach the following heights above grou …
RT: The has issued a High Risk area for flash flooding over eastern South Carolina & SE North Carolina for Thursday d …
“U. S. Winning Trade War With China In Dollars.” CNBC
... We can’t have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries, which have long charged us big tariffs. Don’t keep ducking the reality. The U. S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done. ” Sam Zell
“ The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. You’ve got to be very tough, and that’s what Trump is doing. It’s in China’s interest to correct, and I think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today. Frankly, I think the impact of what...
... Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. They’re sitting there and saying, gee, are we next? Maybe you are! We’ve got to change the rules. The U. S. can’t defend the world and pay for it...
... on the President of the United States. ”
“ To declassify is so important because if this were a Democrat President or a Democrat Candidate, that was spied on the way President Trump was spied on, this would be a scandal that would make Watergate look like nothing. Illegal spying...
“I am so tired of hearing the rationalization of the Left in the country because they hate Donald Trump. Inexplicably and without foundation, they choose to hate America. The Democrats have truly become the party of hate.”
The truth is that we have a nation that is disgusted with the FBI. We have a crisis of confidence in the number one law enforcement agency in this country ( thanks Comey! ). “It’s a scandal.”
At the request of Senator Thom Tillis, I am getting the North Carolina Emergency Declaration completed and signed tonight. Hope you won’t need it!
RT: Our aircrew has just landed from another mission into hurricane #Dorian! Here they are rolling in. 🇺 🇸 ✈ ️ ⛈ 🌪 🌊 #ReserveCitizenA …
RT: Ready for more shots 📸 of hurricane #Dorian? ✈ ️ ⛈ 🌪 🌊 No? Well too bad! #ReserveCitizenAirmen #ReserveReady #403WG #WC130J # S …
The U. S. may be getting a little bit lucky with respect to Hurricane Dorian, but please don’t let down your guard. As it heads up the coast, lots of very bad and unpredictable things can happen! On the other hand, the Bahamas have been devastated. We are sending crews to help!
RT: New Watches and Warnings Issued Along the Southeastern United States Coast. Rain and Wind Threat also Increasing For Port …
RT: Hurricane #Dorian Advisory 42: Winds Increasing Along Portions of the Florida East Coast.
RT: Tropical Depression Eight has developed over the eastern tropical Atlantic. The depression is forecast to become a tropic …

The incompetent Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours, or travel for weeks. Me, I run through one of my courses ( very inexpensive ). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on...
... ” knife crime, ” which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!
Based on the IG Report, the whole Witch Hunt against me and my administration was a giant and illegal SCAM. The House of Representatives should now get back to work on drug prices, healthcare, infrastructure and all else. The Mueller Report showed No Collusion, No Obstruction!
The incompetent Mayor of London, Sadique Kahn, was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours, or travel for weeks. Me, I run through one of my courses ( very inexpensive ). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on...
... ” knife crime, ” which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!
Germany, and so many other countries, have negative interest rates, “they get paid for loaning money,” and our Federal Reserve fails to act! Remember, these are also our weak currency competitors!
For all of the “geniuses ” out there, many who have been in other administrations and “ taken to the cleaners” by China, that want me to get together with the EU and others to go after China Trade practices remember, the EU & all treat us VERY unfairly on Trade also. Will change!
We are doing very well in our negotiations with China. While I am sure they would love to be dealing with a new administration so they could continue their practice of “ripoff USA” ( $ 600 B / year ), 16 months PLUS is a long time to be hemorrhaging jobs and companies on a long-shot...
... And then, think what happens to China when I win. Deal would get MUCH TOUGHER! In the meantime, China’s Supply Chain will crumble and businesses, jobs and money will be gone!
RT: The 7 am EDT Tropical Cyclone Update has been released: Southern eyewall of #Dorian continues to lash Grand Bahama Islan …
RT: Potential Tropical Cyclone #Seven Advisory 1A: Disturbance Moving Westward.
RT: Hurricane #Dorian Advisory 40A: Eye of Dorian Beginning to Inch Northwestward.
RT: Here are the 11 PM EDT Monday, September 2 Key Messages for Hurricane #Dorian. For more information, visit
“ Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs, a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U. S. for a...
... Trade Agreement. ” Making great progress for our Farmers. Approved E - 15, year round. Big additional list to be submitted & approved within two weeks. Will be even better for Ethanol, and we save our small refineries!
Such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter of. I suggested yesterday at FEMA that, along with Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina, even Alabama could possibly come into play, which WAS true. They made a big deal about this...
... when in fact, under certain original scenarios, it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some “hurt.” Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didn’t play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!
Such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter of. I suggested yesterday at FEMA that, along with Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina, even Alabama could possibly come into play, which WAS true. They made a big deal about this...
... when in fact, under certain original scenarios, it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some “hurt.” Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didn’t play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!
“ Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs, a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U. S. for a...
... Trade Agreement. ” Making great progress for our Farmers. Approved E - 15, year round. Big additional list to be submitted and approved within two weeks. Will be even better for Ethanol, and we save our small refineries!

RT: Our great American workers are winning under President! 🇺 🇸
RT: #CoastInc: responded to boat fire off the north side of Santa Cruz Island at approximately 3:28 am. helping suppo …
RT: Rescue operation underway near Santa Cruz Island involving at least 30 people on a 75 - foot boat, per
RT: BREAKING NEWS: The Coast Guard has launched multiple rescue assets along with assets from local agencies to assist mor …
RT: Tropical-storm-force winds are mostly likely to start in Georgia early on Wednesday, in South Carolina late Wednesday, an …
RT: For more local information on #Dorian effects in the southeastern United States, please follow …
RT: All Trump Haters and Lovers must watch. Thank you Steve Hilton!
... The good news is that we are winning. Our real opponent is not the Democrats, or the dwindling number of Republicans that lost their way and got left behind, our primary opponent is the Fake News Media. In the history of our Country, they have never been so bad!
The LameStream Media has gone totally CRAZY! They write whatever they want, seldom have sources ( even though they say they do ), never do “fact checking ” anymore, and are only looking for the “ kill.” They take good news and make it bad. They are now beyond Fake, they are Corrupt..
The Amazon Washington Post did a story that I brought racist attacks against the “Squad.” No, they brought racist attacks against our Nation. All I do is call them out for the horrible things they have said. The Democrats have become the Party of the Squad!
... Average hourly wages growth has far outpaced what we saw with President Obama. Across all industries, from mining and construction, to leisure & hospitality, With President Trump we see income growth in states like Iowa, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Nevada, Florida,...
... swing states that went to Trump in 2016 because he promised not to forget about them like the establishment had done for decades, and their trust in President Trump, paid off as they saw their incomes rise... And it’s the lowest paid workers who have gained the most with...
... Trump Economics. With President Trump, Tariffs are bringing companies back to the USA like he said they would!
“ The last three years of Trump policy have finally brought real hope and real change. Unemployment this year hit a 50 year low. With President Trump we’ve seen the lowest EVER African American and Hispanic unemployment. The booming Trump Economy has pushed up workers wages...
“They are liars, and in my opinion, TRAITORS!” talking about Comey and his dwindling group of friends.
Just watched AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka on and thought to myself how different he is on TV than he is when he is with me at the White House. Likes what we are doing until the cameras go on. We got robbed on Trade and everything else while his Dems just sat back...
... and watched. NAFTA is the worst Trade Deal ever made - terrible for labor - and Richard let it stand. No wonder unions are losing so much. The workers will vote for me in 2020 ( lowest unemployment, most jobs ever ), and should stop paying exorbitant $ Dues, not worth it!
Since my election, many trillions of dollars of worth has been created for our Country, and the Stock Market is up over 50 %. If you followed the advice of the Failing New York Times columnist, Paul Krugman, you ’ d be doing VERY poorly - you ’ d be angry and hurt. He never got it!
“ When you put everything together, the pro growth Tax & Regulation Cuts, help to retrain workers, the Tariffs which encourage manufacturers to come back to America, along with President Trumps tough approach on immigration ( strong stance on illegals, promoting Merit Based ), it...
... adds up to the most ambitious Pro-Worker policy agenda this Country has ever seen. The President promised Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, and that is exactly what he is delivering. ”
RT: Hurricane #Dorian Advisory 36: Category 5 Dorian Continues to Have Devastating Impacts On Grand Bahama Island.
RT: Here are the 5 AM Monday, September 2 Key Messages for Hurricane #Dorian. Life-threatening storm surge and hurricane-forc …
RT: 6 AM EDT Tropical Cyclone Update on Hurricane #Dorian: Eye of Dorian Wobbling over Grand Bahama Island.
RT: Hurricane Watches Expanded Northward Along the East Coast to the Florida / Georgia Border. Here are the 11 PM EDT 09/01 Key …
... this ( Judge Thomas Ambro, Majotity Opinion ), and thank God for a President like Donald J. Trump, who will appoint judges like this. He will soon have appointed 180 new Federal Judges, not even including two great new Supreme Court Justices. ”
“We hold that legislative prayer is government speech not open to attack via those channels.” Third Circuit, Court of Appeals. “ Lou, that’s why this next Election is so important, the soul of America. They want to take religion out of American lives. Thank God for judges like...
Pray for the people in the Bahamas. Being hit like never before, Category 5. Almost 200 MPH winds.
RT: President: “ I ask everyone in Hurricane Dorian’s path to heed all warnings and evacuation orders from loca …
RT: “On behalf of all Americans, I’ d like to express my deepest sympathies and sorrow for the victims and their families. We as …
Great job by Texas Law Enforcement and First Responders in handling the terrible shooting tragedy yesterday. Thank you also to the FBI, and all others. A very tough and sad situation!
In addition to Florida - South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama, will most likely be hit ( much ) harder than anticipated. Looking like one of the largest hurricanes ever. Already category 5. BE CAREFUL! GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
RT: 🛰 ️ Satellite imagery this morning of now Category 5 Hurricane Dorian approaching the Abaco Islands in the northern Baham …
RT: BREAKING: #HurricaneDorian is now a Category 5 as it closes in on the Bahamas.
RT: LATEST: Hurricane Dorian has intensified to a major Category 5 storm, threatening the northwestern Bahamas.
RT: Thank you,. Our administration continues to work around the clock with all of our federal and local partners …
RT: While #Dorian’s path is generally more favorable compared to yesterday, we can’t let our guard down. Floridians and th …
RT: Hurricane #Dorian is now an extremely dangerous Category 5 storm, with sustained winds of 175 mph. If you live along th …
RT: As you prepare for #Dorian, plan for your specific needs: ✅ Include medication in your emergency kit ✅ Charge assistive devi …
This is only the beginning!
RT: This should NEVER happen to another President again!
RT: " FALLOUT FROM IG'S SCATHING COMEY REPORT "
RT: If the Fed would cut, we would have one of the biggest Stock Market increases in a long time. Badly run and weak compa …
RT: Crazy Lawrence O’ Donnell, who has been calling me wrong from even before I announced my run for the Presidency, even b …
RT:... for the most ridiculous claim of all, that Russia, Russia, Russia, or Russian oligarchs, co-signed loan documents …
RT: " It is disheartening that families continue to put their lives and the lives of their children at risk of drowning and heat …
RT: Looking forward to representing President and the US in Poland for the solemn occasion of the 80th anniversary of …
RT: The old, six-foot border fence in Tecate, California — installed in the 1990s — was made from salvaged military landing mats. …
RT: Thanks - TRUE!
RT: “ One of the most disgraceful examples of an abuse of power by a government official … when you read this report … this is …
I have not forgotten that when it was announced that I was going to do The Apprentice, and when it then became a big hit, helping NBC’s failed lineup greatly, came up to me at an Upfront & profusely thanked me, even calling me “Sir.” How times have changed!
“Comey and McCabe ( and more ) are Dirty Cops.” Joe DiGenova
... reports are coming. Comey very vulnerable. But where is the Supreme Court. Where is Justice Roberts? If you lie to a court, you should be held in contempt. So, if you abused the FISA, you must be held accountable. I hope Justice Roberts will take action. ” Jason Chaffetz, Fox
“James Comey has been rebuked at the highest level, with much more to come. An IG Report doesn’t get any stronger, calling him dangerous, insubordinate. THANK GOODNESS THAT DONALD TRUMP WAS ELECTED, BECAUSE IF HE WASN’ T ELECTED, THESE PEOPLE WOULD STILL BE IN POWER. Two more...
RT: We’ve made it back home to Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi. Here’s a few photos from hurricane #Dorian ✈ ️ ⛈ 🌪 🌊 #ReserveCi …
RT: Here are the 5 AM EDT Sunday, September 1 Key Messages for Hurricane #Dorian. Conditions will be deteriorating over the A …
RT: NEW: #Dorian is now a category 5 #hurricane with 160 mph sustained winds. The eyewall of this catastrophic hurricane is …
RT: Stay alert & get prepared for #Dorian if you are in the Southeast. Monitor forecasts closely, as the storm's track can change qui …
RT: A Tropical Storm Warning is now in effect for Hurricane #Dorian north of Deerfield Beach to Sebastian Inlet, Florida. A T …
... is about American Freedom. Redirect the supply chain. There is no reason to buy everything from China!
Peter Morici, Economist: Tariffs will not impact American consumers that much because the Chinese currency has gone down, which gives our importers a discount. Importers can find suppliers outside of China. Absolutely worth it, we don’t want to be servants to the Chinese! This...
Just briefed by Attorney General Barr about the shootings in Texas. FBI and Law Enforcement is fully engaged. More to follow.
“The vindication belongs to the President for firing James Comey. It was clearly the right thing to do. You don’t want an FBI Director with Jim Comey’s ethics.” Jason Riley, Wall Street Journal
Enjoy the low gas prices over the Labor Day weekend! My energy policies have made America energy independent while keeping prices low, just like a Tax Cut. The Democrats “green” policies will raise your price of gas!
... but now we are moving forward like never before. We are winning again, and we are respected again!
Being scolded by failed former “Intelligence” officials, like James Clapper, on my condolences to Iran on their failed Rocket launch. Sadly for the United States, guys like him, Comey, and the even dumber John Brennan, don’t have a clue. They really set our Country back,...
Just watched Congresswoman Debbie Dingell, and many other Democrats, wanting to give up on our very successful Trade battle with China, which has had its worst Economic year in memory ( and getting worse ). We are taking in $ Billions. Will be big for Farmers and ALL!
RT: Here are the latest Key Messages on Hurricane Dorian from
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on and cable ratings are those that are Fair ( or great ) to your favorite President, me! Congratulations to for being the number one show on Cable Television!
Dan will be GREAT!
Looking like our great South Carolina could get hit MUCH harder than first thought. Georgia and North Carolina also. It’s moving around and very hard to predict, except that it is one of the biggest and strongest ( and really wide ) that we have seen in decades. Be safe!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, which is happening, and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
I was right about Comey, CROOKED COP!
RT: Make sure to have a tank full of gas and stock your vehicle with emergency supplies in case you need to evacuate. Listen to dir …
RT: Find the latest information, on #HurricaneDorian > > > #flprepares
RT: As you plan for Hurricane #Dorian, consider the specific medical needs of all members of your household. Planning ahead can save …
RT: Make a blood donation this #LaborDayWeekend and you'll receive this free tote bag while supplies last to carry everything you …
RT: Serving the military is part of what we do. For these #MilitarySpouses, joining the Red Cross as a volunteer helped them get …
RT: The free Red Cross Emergency App puts real-time weather alerts, open Red Cross shelter locations and #hurricane tips in the p …
RT: As you get #RedCrossReady for #HurricaneDorian, keep in mind this important distinction between pre-storm evacuation shelt …
RT: When it comes to hurricanes, preparation is key. Here's what you can do now to make sure your pets are well taken care of in …
A great team, working hard!
RT: Here are the 5 AM EDT Saturday, August 31 Key Messages for Hurricane #Dorian. A prolonged period of storm surge and hurr …
RT: 8/ 31 8 AM EDT: There's been a notable change overnight to the forecast of #Dorian after Tuesday. It should be stressed th …
RT: For full list of all evacuation shelters, visit: you or a loved one have #specialneeds, visit
RT: The Great State of North Carolina has EARLY VOTING for a very important Congressional ( Ninth ) race. Please vote early …
... Yes, I am currently suing various people for violating their confidentiality agreements. Disgusting and foul mouthed Omarosa is one. I gave her every break, despite the fact that she was despised by everyone, and she went for some cheap money from a book. Numerous others also!
While Madeleine Westerhout has a fully enforceable confidentiality agreement, she is a very good person and I don’t think there would ever be reason to use it. She called me yesterday to apologize, had a bad night. I fully understood and forgave her! I love Tiffany, doing great!
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on and cable ratings are those that are Fair ( or great ) to your favorite President, me! Congratulations to for being the number one shoe on Cable Television!
RT: 🇺 🇸 meets with rescue swimmers at Air Station Kodiak. ⁣ On average, the brave men and women of the Unit …
RT: Highlights from today’s visit 🚛 🚚 Although #WV has a vibrant automotive industrial cluster, this facility is t …
RT: A historic meeting with U. S. military & Mexican officials protecting both sides of our southern border. Due to joint coopera …
RT: Fact: Thanks to pro-growth policies of this Administration, Americans are earning more. Since the passage of Tax Cuts, r …
“ The IG found that James Comey leaked Classified Documents to his attorneys, which can be ( is ) a violation of the Espionage Act. This is consistent with all the lies that Comey has been spreading.
Cory is doing a Great job for Colorado!
RT: Today I saw firsthand the critical and innovative research and ground tests for the international space community being …
RT: If it wasn't for one convincing mother, the 19th Amendment may not have been ratified. Harry T. Burn, a state represen …
RT: On this day 99 years ago, the 19th Amendment was adopted to our Constitution, securing for women the right to vote. Today …
RT: As I travel around the state, a lot of people ask about securing the US-Mexico border & what Congress can do to fix th …
RT: Stopped in and visited with the Witschey family at their market in New Martinsville this morning. Celebrating 75 years in bu …
Nobody knows more about Healthcare than John. Great guy!
RT: I saw some of the handiwork of the engineering students at Rose Hulman Institute of Technology, including a concrete cano …
RT: As a major export state, Utah’s agricultural industry would greatly benefit from #USMCAnow. Hosted a roundtable this eve …
RT: I will continue to work in Washington to ensure that has the support it needs to carry out it’s vital mission …
An amazing guy, respected by all!
RT: The #ServingARVets tour has been a great week traveling across the state meeting with #veterans, visiting vet-owned busine …
RT:. serves the people of Georgia with honor, distinction and deep devotion. Johnny is a true gentleman. A pow …
RT: As the chairman of the Senate Veterans ' Affairs Committee, has led significant efforts to transform the VA …
Nobody works harder or smarter than Joni!
One of the greats!
RT: Proud announced they're bringing more than 400 jobs to Tulsa. As a pilot myself, I know how vital maintenance t …
RT: Representing Indiana on the Committee means it’s so important to sit down with Hoosier farmers to dig into what …
RT: Senate Republicans are unified against any court packing schemes. We promise this: while we remain members of this body, …
RT: Like the rest of the Democratic party platform, this court-packing scheme is nothing more than a sloppy regurgitation o …
RT: A very happy birthday to the United States Marine Corps Reserve! We are truly honored to have such outstanding men and …
RT: “This attempt by Democrats to intimidate the Court is highly inappropriate,” said Chairman. " The Left is …
Great job Thom!
RT: The independence of our judicial branch is under attack. Our Democrat colleagues’ threats to pack the Court are an e …
RT: The Supreme Court should rule in cases only as the law dictates, without regard to the identity of the parties or politics …
Thank you Kevin. Great things are happening at the Border!
RT: Unreal: the fmr Fed Chair is lobbying the Fed to use its authority to meddle in the election to defeat. …
I am monitoring Hurricane Dorian and receiving frequent briefings and updates. It is important to heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. This is an extremely dangerous storm, please prepare and be safe!
“They could have charged Comey with theft of government documents, 641 of the Criminal Code, because the IG found these were not his personal documents, these were government documents.” “ Comey’s claim that these were just his own personal recollections would not..
... pass the laugh test, and the Inspector General just knocked that down. ”
Just arrived at Camp David!
The Great State of North Carolina has EARLY VOTING for a very important Congressional ( Ninth ) race. Please vote early ( now ), or on Election Day, September 10th, for Dan Bishop, a great guy. His opponent wants Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities & is weak on Crime, Military & Vets!

The United States of America was not involved in the catastrophic accident during final launch preparations for the Safir SLV Launch at Semnan Launch Site One in Iran. I wish Iran best wishes and good luck in determining what happened at Site One.
RT: Prepare today and stay informed as #Dorian approaches. ✅ Follow for information on how to prepare and visit
RT: Watch as the eye of #HurricaneDorian2019 begins to form in this 1 - minute visible loop from NOAA's #GOESEast. " Dangerous …
If the Fed would cut, we would have one of the biggest Stock Market increases in a long time. Badly run and weak companies are smartly blaming these small Tariffs instead of themselves for bad management... and who can really blame them for doing that? Excuses!
The Euro is dropping against the Dollar “like crazy,” giving them a big export and manufacturing advantage... and the Fed does NOTHING! Our Dollar is now the strongest in history. Sounds good, doesn’t it? Except to those ( manufacturers ) that make product for sale outside the U. S.
... We don’t have a Tariff problem ( we are reigning in bad and / or unfair players ), we have a Fed problem. They don’t have a clue!
Bryan Dean Wright, former CIA Officer ( Dem ): “In 2016 we had a Coup. We have to take Comey and others to task. Makes no sense not to prosecute him. Comey got a book deal. I fear for my Country. He tried to kneecap our duly elected president, and there are no consequences.” & Fs
The fact that James Comey was not prosecuted for the absolutely horrible things he did just shows how fair and reasonable Attorney General Bill Barr is. So many people and experts that I have watched and read would have taken an entirely different course. Comey got Lucky!
The disastrous IG Report on James Comey shows, in the strongest of terms, how unfairly I, and tens of millions of great people who support me, were treated. Our rights and liberties were illegally stripped away by this dishonest fool. We should be given our stolen time back?
RT: WATCH: Club for Growth president David McIntosh defends his organization's support for President Trump despite the trade …
RT:. asks: How could you say Trump is a free-market conservative as he issues tariffs?: " What we …
RT: Agreed, &. We’re not tired of all this winning. should boost our already winning …
An idea liked by many?
General Motors, which was once the Giant of Detroit, is now one of the smallest auto manufacturers there. They moved major plants to China, BEFORE I CAME INTO OFFICE. This was done despite the saving help given them by the USA. Now they should start moving back to America again?
RT: There's an increasing chance for #Dorian to bring a triple-threat of dangers to the Florida east coast... 🌊 life-threatening storm …
Establishment of the U. S. Space Command!
Perhaps never in the history of our Country has someone been more thoroughly disgraced and excoriated than James Comey in the just released Inspector General’s Report. He should be ashamed of himself!
The Farmers are going to be so happy when they see what we are doing for Ethanol, not even including the E - 15, year around, which is already done. It will be a giant package, get ready! At the same time I was able to save the small refineries from certain closing. Great for all!
The Economy is doing GREAT, with tremendous upside potential! If the Fed would do what they should, we are a Rocket upward!
The totally inaccurate reporting by Lawrence O’ Donnell, for which he has been forced by NBC to apologize, is NO DIFFERENT than the horrible, corrupt and fraudulent Fake News that I ( and many millions of GREAT supporters ) have had to put up with for years. So bad for the USA!
Crazy Lawrence O’ Donnell, who has been calling me wrong from even before I announced my run for the Presidency, even being previously forced by NBC to apologize, which he did while crying, for things he said about me & The Apprentice, was again forced to apologize, this time...
... for the most ridiculous claim of all, that Russia, Russia, Russia, or Russian oligarchs, co-signed loan documents for me, a guarantee. Totally false, as is virtually everything else he, and much of the rest of the LameStream Media, has said about me for years. ALL APOLOGIZE!
Hurricane Dorian looks like it will be hitting Florida late Sunday night. Be prepared and please follow State and Federal instructions, it will be a very big Hurricane, perhaps one of the biggest!
Puerto Rico is in great shape with Hurricane Dorian taking a largely different route than anticipated. Thank you to FEMA, first responders, and all, for working so hard & being so well prepared. A great result! The bad news, Florida get ready! Storm is building and will be BIG!
RT: “ Look what [ ] did with Japan at the G7. This is a huge trade agreement he secured with them — agriculture, beef, bu …
RT: During the last Administration the VA was removing Bibles & even banning Christmas carols to be politically correct, but un …
There has never been a time in the history of our Country that the Media was so Fraudulent, Fake, or Corrupt! When the “Age of Trump” is looked back on many years from now, I only hope that a big part of my legacy will be the exposing of massive dishonesty in the Fake News!
The Amazon Washington Post and just did a Fake Interview on Pardons for Aids on the Wall, and that I didn’t think the Wall on the Southern Border was that important to stop Illegals wanting to come into our Country. WRONG, vitally important. Will make a BIG impact. So bad!
A sad day for the Democrats, Kirsten Gillibrand has dropped out of the Presidential Primary. I ’ m glad they never found out that she was the one I was really afraid of!
Thank you for the support as we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Another totally Fake story in the Amazon Washington Post ( lobbyist ) which states that if my Aides broke the law to build the Wall ( which is going up rapidly ), I would give them a Pardon. This was made up by the Washington Post only in order to demean and disparage - FAKE NEWS!
The Wall is going up very fast despite total Obstruction by Democrats in Congress, and elsewhere!
Puerto Rico is one of the most corrupt places on earth. Their political system is broken and their politicians are either Incompetent or Corrupt. Congress approved Billions of Dollars last time, more than anyplace else has ever gotten, and it is sent to Crooked Pols. No good!...
... And by the way, I ’ m the best thing that’s ever happened to Puerto Rico!
Our Federal Reserve cannot “mentally ” keep up with the competition - other countries. At the G - 7 in France, all of the other Leaders were giddy about how low their Interest Costs have gone. Germany is actually “ getting paid” to borrow money - ZERO INTEREST PLUS! No Clue Fed!
... I don’t want to Win for myself, I only want to Win for the people. The New is letting millions of GREAT people down! We have to start looking for a new News Outlet. Fox isn’t working for us anymore!
Just watched heavily promoting the Democrats through their DNC Communications Director, spewing out whatever she wanted with zero pushback by anchor,. Terrible considering that Fox couldn’t even land a debate, the Dems give them NOTHING! &...
... are all in for the Open Border Socialists ( or beyond ). Fox hires “give Hillary the questions”, Juan Williams and low ratings Shep Smith. HOPELESS & CLUELESS! They should go all the way LEFT and I will still find a way to Win - That’s what I do, Win. Too Bad!...
Would be very hard for Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of Britain’s Labour Party, to seek a no-confidence vote against New Prime Minister Boris Johnson, especially in light of the fact that Boris is exactly what the U. K. has been looking for, & will prove to be “a great one!” Love U. K.
We are tracking closely tropical storm Dorian as it heads, as usual, to Puerto Rico. FEMA and all others are ready, and will do a great job. When they do, let them know it, and give them a big Thank You - Not like last time. That includes from the incompetent Mayor of San Juan!
So interesting to read and see all of the free and interesting advice I am getting on China, from people who have tried to handle it before and failed miserably - In fact, they got taken to the cleaners. We are doing very well with China. This has never happened to them before!
“The infestation of bedbugs at The New York Times office ” was perhaps brought in by lightweight journalist Bret Stephens, a Conservative who does anything that his bosses at the paper tell him to do! He is now quitting Twitter after being called a “ bedbug.” Tough guy!
A made up Radical Left Story about Doral bedbugs, but Bret Stephens is loaded up with them! Been calling me wrong for years, along with the few remaining Never Trumpers - All Losers!
Can you believe it? I ’ m at 94 % approval in the Republican Party, and have Three Stooges running against me. One is “Mr. Appalachian Trail” who was actually in Argentina for bad reasons...
... Another is a one-time BAD Congressman from Illinois who lost in his second term by a landslide, then failed in radio. The third is a man who couldn’t stand up straight while receiving an award. I should be able to take them!
Can you believe it? I ’ m at 94 % approval in the Republican Party, and have Three Stooges running against me. One is “Mr. Appalachian Trail” who was actually in Argentina for bad reasons...
Axios ( whatever that is ) sat back and said GEEE, let’s see, what can we make up today to embarrass the President? Then they said, “why don’t we say he wants to bomb a hurricane, that should do it!” The media in our Country is totally out of control!
They do stories so big on Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren’s crowd sizes, adding many more people than are actually there, and yet my crowds, which are far bigger, get no coverage at all. Fake News!
It is amazing that I can be at 51 % with Zogby when the Fake & Corrupt News is almost 100 % against me. Great job Mr. President!
The G7 in France was so successful, and yet when I came back and read the Corrupt and Fake News, and watched numerous networks, it was not even recognizable from what actually took place at the Great G7 event!
Looking forward to being with Dan Bishop in two weeks, in North Carolina. His opponent believes in Open Borders and Sanctuary Cities, and won’t protect your Second Amendment!
. Pirro is following up her # 1 Best Seller with another book that is destined to also be # 1 – “Radicals, Resistance, and Revenge: The Left's Plot to Remake America.” Out today, go get it!
The Federal Reserve loves watching our manufacturers struggle with their exports to the benefit of other parts of the world. Has anyone looked at what almost all other countries are doing to take advantage of the good old USA? Our Fed has been calling it wrong for too long!
RT: Messy. John Kerry’s son cut business ties with Hunter Biden over Ukrainian oil deal
100 % Confirmed!
Wow! Yet another big storm heading to Puerto Rico. Will it ever end? Congress approved 92 Billion Dollars for Puerto Rico last year, an all time record of its kind for “anywhere.”
The G - 7 was a great success for the USA and all. LameStream Media coverage bore NO relationship to what actually happened in France - FAKE NEWS. It was GREAT!
No bedbugs at Doral. The Radical Left Democrats, upon hearing that the perfectly located ( for the next G - 7 ) Doral National MIAMI was under consideration for the next G - 7, spread that false and nasty rumor. Not nice!
Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic, Giuseppe Conte. Represented Italy powerfully at the G - 7. Loves his Country greatly & works well with the USA. A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister!
I have gotten to know President well in our dealings with Brazil. He is working very hard on the Amazon fires and in all respects doing a great job for the people of Brazil - Not easy. He and his country have the full and complete support of the USA!
Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic, Giuseppi Conte. Represented Italy powerfully at the G - 7. Loves his Country greatly & works well with the USA. A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister!
Just returned to Washington from France and the very successful G - 7, only to find that the Fake News is still trying to perpetuate the phony story that I wanted to use Nuclear weapons to blow up hurricanes before they reach shore. This is so ridiculous, never happened!
Thank you Mark!
I agree 100 %!
THANK YOU FRANCE 🇺 🇸 🇫 🇷 #G7Biarritz

Just wrapped up a great meeting with my friend Prime Minister of India at the #G7Summit in Biarritz, France!
Very productive meeting with Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany, at the #G7Summit in Biarritz, France!
Great respect for the fact that President Xi & his Representatives want “calm resolution.” So impressed that they are willing to come out & state the facts so accurately. This is why he is a great leader & representing a great country. Talks are continuing!
The story by Axios that President Trump wanted to blow up large hurricanes with nuclear weapons prior to reaching shore is ridiculous. I never said this. Just more FAKE NEWS!
Great meeting this morning with President of Egypt at the Hôtel du Palais in Biarritz, France! #G7Summit

All Trump Haters and Lovers must watch. Thank you Steve Hilton!
Thank you Katie!
. “The Democrats statements about Donald Trump are lies. Here are the Facts.” I will soon be posting the entire segment. Too much positive news, too many good things, to Tweet. PLEASE BE SURE TO WATCH! Thank you Steve Hilton for being a real pro and not being afraid!
Congratulations to Louisiana’s Champions. See you at the White House!
My Stock Market gains must be judged from the day after the Election, November 9, 2016, where the Market went up big after the win, and because of the win. Had my opponent won, CRASH!
No, we actually had a very good and productive meeting. Nice!
In France we are all laughing at how knowingly inaccurate the U. S. reporting of events and conversations at the G - 7 is. These Leaders, and many others, are getting a major case study of Fake News at it’s finest! They’ve got it all wrong, from Iran, to China Tariffs, to Boris!
RT:. on: “ The more we learn about #SpyGate targeting of Trump, the worse it looks for the Obama adminis …
RT: JW announced that U. S. District Court Judge ordered the FBI to conduct a search w / in 60 days for records of communicatio …
RT: CREDIBLE Evidence Ilhan Omar Married Her Brother--'We're Not Sure Her Last Name is Omar! ' WATCH MORE HERE:
RT: Judicial Watch Director of Investigation Chris Farrell joins on America First to discuss the federal court he …
RT: JW announced it received records of 14 referrals of FBI employees to the organization’s Office of Professional Responsib …
RT: Dozens of foreign nationals with shady backgrounds have vanished from the FBI’s radar after the agency brought them to t …
RT: Americans need an Intelligence Committee that can be trusted, and Representative #AdamSchiff has proven that he cannot b …
A disgrace!
RT: A Judicial Watch lawsuit forced the state of California to begin removing more than 1.5 million potentially invalid name …
Great meetings at the in Biarritz, France! #G7Biarritz
Thank you Eric. So true!
RT: The question I was asked most today by fellow World Leaders, who think the USA is doing so well and is stronger than e …
USMCA, make it bipartisan. Everybody wants it!
Jesse & Emma, Great News. Congratulations!!!
RT:. Lighthizer on today's trade announcement: " It has 3 parts — agriculture, industrial tariffs, and digital trade. …
RT: " We have excess corn in various parts of our country with our farmers because China did not do what they said they were goi …
RT: President never stops working on behalf of the American people! 🇺 🇸
RT: " Our relationship with Prime Minister and Japan has been, I think, the best it's ever been. " — President …
RT: President: " Thus far, this has been really a great G7. And I want to congratulate France. " #G7Biarritz htt …
RT: President met with Prime Minister to discuss the special relationship between the United Sta …
Happy Birthday Vince!
The question I was asked most today by fellow World Leaders, who think the USA is doing so well and is stronger than ever before, happens to be, “Mr. President, why does the American media hate your Country so much? Why are they rooting for it to fail?”
RT: Who’s 1st leader POTUS chose to sit with for bilat here at #G7 in Biarritz? UK’s new prime minister Boris Johnson. “ …
Big Trade Deal just agreed to with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Will be great for our Farmers, Ranchers and more. Really big Corn purchase!
So gives Crooked Hillary the Questions, and now she’s on!
Rasmussen at 50 %. & are only getting worse! Now & others on Fox. Not what it used to be!
Happy Birthday Regis, a truly special man!
Happy Birthday Sean!
RT: JUST NOW: President and Prime Minister announced a trade deal. " This is a tremendous deal for …
Great working breakfast this morning with Prime Minister at the Hôtel du Palais in Biarritz, France! #G7Biarritz
Such False and Inaccurate reporting thus far on the G - 7. The Fake News knows this but they can’t help themselves! Leaving now to have breakfast with Boris J.
... bad Economic times, the worse the better, anything to make my Election more difficult to win. Well, we are having very good meetings, the Leaders are getting along very well, and our Country, economically, is doing great - the talk of the world!
Before I arrived in France, the Fake and Disgusting News was saying that relations with the 6 others countries in the G - 7 are very tense, and that the two days of meetings will be a disaster. Just like they are trying to force a Recession, they are trying to “will” America into..
The Media is destroying the Free Press! Mark Levin. So True!
Thank you both. Sooo nice!
France and President have done a really great job thus far with a very important G - 7. Lunch with Emmanuel was the best meeting we have yet had. Likewise, evening meeting with World Leaders went very well. Progress being made!
RT: AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! Thanks to’s pro-growth policies, small businesses are thriving and Americans are …
RT: President and Prime Minister catching up with each other tonight in France! #G7Biarritz
Our great Economy is the talk of everyone!
France and President have done a really great job thus far with a very important G - 7. Lunch with Emanuel was the best meeting we have yet had. Likewise, evening meeting with World Leaders went very well. Progress being made!
RT: President and are in France for #G7Biarritz!
North Carolina Governor Cooper Vetoed a Bill that would have required Sheriffs to cooperate with Ice. This is a terrible decision for the great people of North Carolina. He should reverse his decision and get back to the basics of fighting crime!
Looking forward to helping New York City and Governor complete the long anticipated, and partially built, Second Avenue Subway. Would be extended to East 125th Street in Harlem. Long in the making, they now have the team that can get it done!
Just had lunch with French President. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!
“Face It, You Probably Got A Tax Cut!” This was a New York Times headline, and it is very true. If Republicans take back the House, and keep the Senate and Presidency, one of our first acts will be to approve a major middle income Tax Cut! Democrats only want to raise your taxes!
Just had lunch with French President. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!
When I looked up to the sky and jokingly said “I am the chosen one, ” at a press conference two days ago, referring to taking on Trade with China, little did I realize that the media would claim that I had a “ Messiah complex.” They knew I was kidding, being sarcastic, and just...
... having fun. I was smiling as I looked up and around. The MANY reporters with me were smiling also. They knew the TRUTH... And yet when I saw the reporting, CNN, MSNBC and other Fake News outlets covered it as serious news & me thinking of myself as the Messiah. No more trust!
For all of the Fake News Reporters that don’t have a clue as to what the law is relative to Presidential powers, China, etc., try looking at the Emergency Economic Powers Act of 1977. Case closed!
Such a sad and pathetic fall for and Jeff Z!
RT: TV RATINGS: Thursday August 22nd, Fox News had a commanding lead over MSNBC and CNN in total viewers, with the most-watched h …
RT: Andrew McCabe: fired for lying to the FBI, caught by the Inspector General for unauthorized media leaks, and — worst of a …
Other good polls also in fifties, despite only Fake News, and then phony polls by A. P., CNN, NBC and, as always, Fox, who were WAY OFF on 2016 Election!
RT: U. S. jobless claims fell even more than expected last week. 👊
RT: The Flores agreement is a catch - 22 — creating " an enormous incentive for adult migrants to bring kids along, even if the jour …
RT: This month, President released a major decision to protect energy workers, maintain our energy dominance, …
Disgraceful!
RT: The Fed had the Democrats ' back for years: Rep. Gohmert
RT: It’s a new dawn for American energy and manufacturing.
Thank you Ivanka. Really Amazing!
Looking forward to being with great leaders in France! Leaving soon.
Highest Condolences! Thank you V. P.
Great going Harris!
Great! He said MAGA country did it. So terrible!
RT: U. S. Treasury Designates China as a Currency Manipulator:
RT: Thank you!!
RT: Can't miss
Thank you to for the really nice words and thoughts on, tonight hosted by Lou’s friend,. Great job by all. P. S. Check out these two great women on tour tomorrow night in NYC at the Marriott Marquis Hotel, Broadway. Have fun!
Just spoke with President of Brazil. Our future Trade prospects are very exciting and our relationship is strong, perhaps stronger than ever before. I told him if the United States can help with the Amazon Rainforest fires, we stand ready to assist!
... unfair Trading Relationship. China should not have put new Tariffs on 75 BILLION DOLLARS of United States product ( politically motivated! ). Starting on October 1st, the 250 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China, currently being taxed at 25 %, will be taxed at 30 %...
... Additionally, the remaining 300 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China, that was being taxed from September 1st at 10 %, will now be taxed at 15 %. Thank you for your attention to this matter!
For many years China ( and many other countries ) has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade, Intellectual Property Theft, and much more. Our Country has been losing HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year to China, with no end in sight...
... Sadly, past Administrations have allowed China to get so far ahead of Fair and Balanced Trade that it has become a great burden to the American Taxpayer. As President, I can no longer allow this to happen! In the spirit of achieving Fair Trade, we must Balance this very...
The Dow is down 573 points perhaps on the news that Representative Seth Moulton, whoever that may be, has dropped out of the 2020 Presidential Race!
... all deliveries of Fentanyl from China ( or anywhere else! ). Fentanyl kills 100,000 Americans a year. President Xi said this would stop - it didn’t. Our Economy, because of our gains in the last 2 1/2 years, is MUCH larger than that of China. We will keep it that way!
... better off without them. The vast amounts of money made and stolen by China from the United States, year after year, for decades, will and must STOP. Our great American companies are hereby ordered to immediately start looking for an alternative to China, including bringing..
... your companies HOME and making your products in the USA. I will be responding to China’s Tariffs this afternoon. This is a GREAT opportunity for the United States. Also, I am ordering all carriers, including Fed Ex, Amazon, UPS and the Post Office, to SEARCH FOR & REFUSE,...
Our Country has lost, stupidly, Trillions of Dollars with China over many years. They have stolen our Intellectual Property at a rate of Hundreds of Billions of Dollars a year, & they want to continue. I won’t let that happen! We don’t need China and, frankly, would be far...
As usual, the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can “speak ” without knowing or asking what I am doing, which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work “ brilliantly” with both, and the U. S. will do great...
... My only question is, who is our bigger enemy, Jay Powell or Chairman Xi?
... My only question is, who is our bigger enemy, Jay Powel or Chairman Xi?
As usual, the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can “speak ” without knowing or asking what I am doing, which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work “ brilliantly” with both, and the U. S. will do great...
Now the Fed can show their stuff!
This despite the Fake News and Polls!
The Economy is strong and good, whereas the rest of the world is not doing so well. Despite this the Fake News Media, together with their Partner, the Democrat Party, are working overtime to convince people that we are in, or will soon be going into, a Recession. They are...
.. willing to lose their wealth, or a big part of it, just for the possibility of winning the Election. But it won’t work because I always find a way to win, especially for the people! The greatest political movement in the history of our Country will have another big win in 2020!
94 % Approval Rating within the Republican Party. Thank you!
RT: Are #Democrats too extreme when it comes to #GunControl? is joined by of to discuss how gun …
RT: Today is the day: book is out.
RT: Please read my attached statement with regard to the decision of the Government of Israel to deny entry to BDS activists, …
RT: I just started reading my copy last night. Fantastic book!
RT: How did a private citizen--Fusion GPS head Glenn Simpson--command so much attention from high-ranking officials?
RT: I don’t get it. Why limit it to the world? Shouldn’t we aspire to more?
RT: If you watched this week's liberal excesses with anger / frustration, and are worried about the damage the Resistance is doi …
RT: The Democratic Party Is Becoming Unsalvageable – Tablet Magazine
RT: EXCITING NEWS: I've written a book on the Kavanaugh confirmation with the inimitable. We interviewed more tha …
RT: Biggest story anti - media is hiding: Obama FBI / DOJ, and State Dept colluded with Bruce Ohr, his wife, and Cl …
RT: Talking about the BREAKING release of Bruce Ohr 302s tonight on with and
RT: BREAKING: FBI 302 reports of Bruce Ohr released to. Confirm FBI warned that [ Steele? ] was " desperate that …
RT: Business owners and hard-working Americans tell us every day how great the economy is under President Trump. But now the L …
RT: “ It’s kind of troubling to think some Democrats [ are ] almost wishing for a recession because they think it helps them pol …
RT: Because of you, America is safe. Because of you, America is strong. Because of you, America is free. And because of y …
Happy birthday James!
RT: Under the #USMCA Utah will have more jobs, more opportunity, and more prosperity. Congress needs to pass the #USMCA for the people …
RT: " You're one of the all-time greats in the history of sports, " President told basketball legend Bob Cousy i …
. has done a fantastic job representing the people of Colorado. He really knows how to win. Strong on Crime, Borders & the 2nd A, Cory fights hard for our Military & Vets. John Hickenlooper is badly damaged after his horrible run for President. Big Primary trouble!
RT: Thank you, Utah!
RT: A response to and regarding our great ally #Israel Share this far and wide so that these two US R …
RT: Congratulations to the GREAT Bob Cousy!
RT: Bob Cousy is celebrated as one of the greatest players in the history of basketball. Off the court, Cousy fought racism an …
RT:
RT: President presents the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor, to legendary …
RT: Another informant the FBI decided to turn on. Unbelievable. ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩ Former Overstock CE …
RT: The economy is poised to continue to expand: Kansas City Fed President …
Congratulations to the GREAT Bob Cousy!
RT: Bob Cousy shared a few words as he received the Presidential Medal of Freedom this evening!
RT: " Today, it is my privilege to present our Nation's highest civilian honor to a beloved basketball legend and a true America …
Looking forward to soon being in North Carolina to hold a big rally for wonderful Dan Bishop, who is running for Congress. His opponent wants Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities, and Socialism. He likes the “Squad” more than North Carolina. Dan has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
Check out a FANTASTIC new book, “STILL WINNING – Why America Went All In On Donald Trump-And Why We Must Do It Again” by the great writer,. An excellent read. Thank you!
... I am hopeful Congress will engage with my Team to pass meaningful legislation that will make a real difference and, most importantly, Save Lives!
Just concluded a very good meeting on preventing Mass Shootings. Talks are ongoing w / both Republicans & Democrats. We are likewise engaging with lawful gun owners, survivors, grieving family members, law enforcement, the NRA, mental health professionals, and school officials...
Just heard that Sean Spicer will be on “Dancing with the Stars.” He will do great. A terrific person who loves our Country dearly!
The Economy is doing really well. The Federal Reserve can easily make it Record Setting! The question is being asked, why are we paying much more in interest than Germany and certain other countries? Be early ( for a change ), not late. Let America win big, rather than just win!
Germany sells 30 year bonds offering negative yields. Germany competes with the USA. Our Federal Reserve does not allow us to do what we must do. They put us at a disadvantage against our competition. Strong Dollar, No Inflation! They move like quicksand. Fight or go home!
It was my honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum facilitating the cancellation of student loan debt for 25K of our most severely disabled Veterans. With today’s order, we express the everlasting love & loyalty of a truly grateful Nation. God bless our Vets, & God Bless America!
Great! interviewed on tonight at 9:00 P. M.
... that when this Administration’s alternative is no longer available, California will squeeze them to a point of business ruin. Only reason California is now talking to them is because the Feds are giving a far better alternative, which is much better for consumers!
Henry Ford would be very disappointed if he saw his modern-day descendants wanting to build a much more expensive car, that is far less safe and doesn’t work as well, because execs don’t want to fight California regulators. Car companies should know...
The Legendary Henry Ford and Alfred P. Sloan, the Founders of Ford Motor Company and General Motors, are “rolling over” at the weakness of current car company executives willing to spend more money on a car that is not as safe or good, and cost $ 3,000 more to consumers. Crazy!
“ Tax cuts, deregulation, and an Administration dedicated to growing business have allowed the U. S. economy to flourish. The resulting surge in job creation and record low unemployment has put the American worker in the driver’s seat. “
RT: President is directing to eliminate all federal student loan debt owed by American veterans who a …
RT: President joined to celebrate 75 years of love, loyalty, and lifelong service to veterans and th …
., very unfair to the United States!
... Because of me, these countries have agreed to pay ONE HUNDRED BILLION DOLLARS more - but still way short of what they should pay for the incredible military protection provided. Sorry!
For the record, Denmark is only at 1.35 % of GDP for NATO spending. They are a wealthy country and should be at 2 %. We protect Europe and yet, only 8 of the 28 NATO countries are at the 2 % mark. The United States is at a much, much higher level than that...
On my way to the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky to deliver remarks at the 75th Annual National Convention. Look forward to being with all of my friends! #AMVETS75th
So Germany is paying Zero interest and is actually being paid to borrow money, while the U. S., a far stronger and more important credit, is paying interest and just stopped ( I hope! ) Quantitative Tightening. Strongest Dollar in History, very tough on exports. No Inflation!...
... WHERE IS THE FEDERAL RESERVE?
My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $ 3000, while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Very little impact on the environment! Foolish executives!
Doing great with China and other Trade Deals. The only problem we have is Jay Powell and the Fed. He’s like a golfer who can’t putt, has no touch. Big U. S. growth if he does the right thing, BIG CUT - but don’t count on him! So far he has called it wrong, and only let us down...
... We are competing with many countries that have a far lower interest rate, and we should be lower than them. Yesterday, “highest Dollar in U.S.History.” No inflation. Wake up Federal Reserve. Such growth potential, almost like never before!
The Fake News LameStream Media is doing everything possible the “create” a U. S. recession, even though the numbers & facts are working totally in the opposite direction. They would be willing to hurt many people, but that doesn’t matter to them. Our Economy is sooo strong, sorry!
“The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve.” So true!
“The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve.” So true!
Rep Tlaib wants to cut off aid to Israel. This is the new face the of Democrat Party? Read the AOC PLUS 3 statements on their hatred of Jews and Israel. Check out Rep. Omar ( the great people of Minnesota won’t stand for this ).
Brandon Judd, President, National Border Patrol Council. “This will effectively end Catch and Release and curb illegal entries.”
“ Thank you to Wayne Allyn Root for the very nice words. “ President Trump is the greatest President for Jews and for Israel in the history of the world, not just America, he is the best President for Israel in the history of the world... and the Jewish people in Israel love him...
... like he’s the King of Israel. They love him like he is the second coming of God... But American Jews don’t know him or like him. They don’t even know what they’re doing or saying anymore. It makes no sense! But that’s OK, if he keeps doing what he’s doing, he’s good for...
... all Jews, Blacks, Gays, everyone. And importantly, he’s good for everyone in America who wants a job. ” Wow!
... The Prime Minister was able to save a great deal of expense and effort for both the United States and Denmark by being so direct. I thank her for that and look forward to rescheduling sometime in the future!
Denmark is a very special country with incredible people, but based on Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen’s comments, that she would have no interest in discussing the purchase of Greenland, I will be postponing our meeting scheduled in two weeks for another time...
CONGRATULATIONS and, on the birth of Carolina Dorothy Trump. So proud!
RT: Sunday on Full Measure: Claims of media bias aren’t new, but they are heightened. What will this mean for the 2020 ele …
Sorry, I don’t buy Rep. Tlaib’s tears. I have watched her violence, craziness and, most importantly, WORDS, for far too long. Now tears? She hates Israel and all Jewish people. She is an anti-Semite. She and her 3 friends are the new face of the Democrat Party. Live with it!
The LameStream Media is far beyond Fake News, they are treading in very dangerous territory!
Thank you!
RT:. puts Americans first and it’s paying off: * 85 % of blue-collar workers say their lives are headed in t …
RT: Since was elected: * 6M + new jobs, over half for women * 500K manufacturing jobs created * Record-low u …
Just another disgruntled former employee who got fired for gross incompetence!
RT:. giddily talked about a recession this morning and even said a recession would be OK! The liberal media is so deranged …
Ratings are way down, lost all credibility. Beautiful to watch!
RT: Haha
Maria, despite all of their will and energy, it won’t work!
RT: Traveling to the great state of Michigan with to address the about how President …
RT: Wow, Report Just Out! Google manipulated from 2.6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election! Th …
Thank you Mike!
RT: Since election day, businesses large and small have created more than 6.2 MILLION jobs and the unemployment rate is at a 50 - year lo …
RT: " Foreign individuals should not be allowed to come to America in order to take advantage of its welfare programs ⁠, " the Was …
Two incredible people. I can’t believe they’re not working ( few work harder )!
RT: Wall construction is underway near Otay Mesa, California! 👷
The Fake and Corrupt Media is sooo bad for our Country, The Enemy of the People!
RT: THANK YOU! #MAGA
RT: The average household has seen their income go up by more than $ 5,000, wages are rising at their fastest pace in an almost decade — a …
RT: Under ’ leadership, the auto industry is roaring back in MI! This year alone, GM announced it will add 400 jobs, Ford has an …
RT: For years, " anti-business policies squeezed corporations and left American workers out of the economic recovery, " …
Congratulations, Great Show!
RT: I promise not to do this to Greenland!
RT: Thank you to my great supporters at the 2019!
RT: Because of ' s policies, American companies and their workers are succeeding together.
Thank you Jon, working hard!
Nobody ever heard of this dope until he met me. He only lasted 11 days!
I promise not to do this to Greenland!
Thank you to my great supporters at the 2019!
Great discussion with Prime Minister today. We talked about Brexit and how we can move rapidly on a US-UK free trade deal. I look forward to meeting with Boris this weekend, at the, in France!
Spoke to my two good friends, Prime Minister Modi of India, and Prime Minister Khan of Pakistan, regarding Trade, Strategic Partnerships and, most importantly, for India and Pakistan to work towards reducing tensions in Kashmir. A tough situation, but good conversations!
THANK YOU! #MAGA
Massive overflow crowds in New Hampshire last week. Couldn’t get into packed SNHU Arena. Fake and Corrupt News would like you to believe otherwise. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, Report Just Out! Google manipulated from 2.6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election! This was put out by a Clinton supporter, not a Trump Supporter! Google should be sued. My victory was even bigger than thought!
Our Economy is very strong, despite the horrendous lack of vision by Jay Powell and the Fed, but the Democrats are trying to “will” the Economy to be bad for purposes of the 2020 Election. Very Selfish! Our dollar is so strong that it is sadly hurting other parts of the world...
... The Fed Rate, over a fairly short period of time, should be reduced by at least 100 basis points, with perhaps some quantitative easing as well. If that happened, our Economy would be even better, and the World Economy would be greatly and quickly enhanced-good for everyone!
Democrats want Open Borders and Crime! So dangerous for our Country. But we are building a big, beautiful, NEW Wall! I will protect America, the Dems don’t know where to start!
Anthony Scaramucci is a highly unstable “nut job” who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellacked, & then unfortunately wheedled his way into my campaign. I barely knew him until his 11 days of gross incompetence-made a fool of himself, bad on TV. Abused staff,...
... got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy, “something big” was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn’t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!
Great cohesion inside the Republican Party, the best I have ever seen. Despite all of the Fake News, my Poll Numbers are great. New internal polls show them to be the strongest we’ve had so far! Think what they ’ d be if I got fair media coverage!
... got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy, “something big” was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn’t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!
Anthony Scaramucci is a highly unstable “nut job” who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellaced, and then unfortunately wheedled his way into my campaign. I barely knew him until his 11 days of gross incompetence-made a fool of himself, bad on TV. Abused staff,..
RT: I love. He’s the only President in my lifetime who stands for our country.
RT: Retweet isn't RACIST when wrote Black Version! 😆 Donald Trump: Black Version Maybe that's …
RT: Retweet The Lies, False Facts & Fake News of ' s on! Raise Your Hand if you LOVE has S …
RT: Wow. Throwback to when Senator Barack Obama agreed with on immigration! RT this so your friends see this! …
RT: WATCH: “ MSNBC is rewarding hate-filled conspiracy theorists with air time because their Trump Derangement Syndrome demands it …
RT: Trump rarely uses racial categories. It is the media and Democratic leaders who routinely issue race-based denunciation …
The New York Times will be out of business soon after I leave office, hopefully in 6 years. They have Zero credibility and are losing a fortune, even now, especially after their massive unfunded liability. I ’ m fairly certain they’ll endorse me just to keep it all going!
Thank you, I couldn’t agree more!
House Democrats want to take action against Israel because it is fighting back against two ( maybe four ) people that have said unthinkably bad things about it & the Israeli people. Dems have such disdain for Israel! What happened? AOC Plus 4 is the new face of the Democrat Party!
Our economy is the best in the world, by far. Lowest unemployment ever within almost all categories. Poised for big growth after trade deals are completed. Import prices down, China eating Tariffs. Helping targeted Farmers from big Tariff money coming in. Great future for USA!
Juan Williams at is so pathetic, and yet when he met me in the Fox Building lobby, he couldn’t have been nicer as he asked me to take a picture of him and me for his family. Yet he is always nasty and wrong!
We are doing very well with China, and talking!
Doing really well!
RT: Lindsey Graham on IG investigation into Russia probe: I want the American people to see what happened
RT:. Sen. Graham: The dream of every leftist is to have a liberal court enacting laws from the bench
RT: Lewandowski on potential NH Senate run: If I run, ' I'm going to win ' | TheHill
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
With all that this Administration has accomplished, think what my Poll Numbers would be if we had an honest Media, which we do not!
... ” Journalism ” has reached a new low in the history of our Country. It is nothing more than an evil propaganda machine for the Democrat Party. The reporting is so false, biased and evil that it has now become a very sick joke... But the public is aware! #CROOKEDJOURNALISM
The Failing New York Times, in one of the most devastating portrayals of bad journalism in history, got caught by a leaker that they are shifting from their Phony Russian Collusion Narrative ( the Mueller Report & his testimony were a total disaster ), to a Racism Witch Hunt...
RT:
RT: I read that Trump rally was rambling / half-empty. I also read the opposite. I like to watch candidates ' rallies myself …
RT: Coming up this Sunday on Full Measure - the media's " huge credibility problem " #mediamiss
RT: From what I can tell, he was not there, it was a campaign event and protest.
RT: SAVED 🇺 🇸 & 🌍 Peace & Prosperity OUR / WE 🇺 🇸 45th 🇺 🇸 W / & Family Sacrificed Wealth Health Saf …
RT: Sunday on Full Measure: Claims of media bias aren’t new, but they are heightened. What will this mean for the 2020 ele …
Such a disgrace at the once great!
RT: Winning!!!
RT: In 2016, Trump voters were Deplorable In 2017, Trump voters were Russians In 2018, Trump voters were Nazis In 2019, Trum …
RT: America - - Get ready for a campaign the likes of which has never been seen in American history. President …
RT: Everywhere the group ANTIFA ( Anti-First Amendment ) goes, violence and chaos follows. This is a violent, anti-civil liberties, …
RT: Do the math: At the most, the Wall will cost $ 20 billion Illegals cost US taxpayers $ 165 billion a year
RT: I ’ m hearing some Republicans, pundits say we should “move on” from the #MullerReport in order to heal the nation... I di …
RT: Question raised by leaked New York Times transcript, plus rollout of 1619 project: Should the public still view the Times as …
RT: They are eaten alive by hate for our President & his voters! They care more about illegal immigrants than …
RT: I love this president
RT: It was a GREAT rally!! The energy Trump brought was ELECTRIC! Felt like i was at a Beatles concert!! Love my Pre …
RT: the best President in history!
RT: Greatest President in my lifetime!!!
Thank you!
RT: We care because the news would have us think he has no support and that Joe Biden is leadin …
RT: I love this president!
RT: I was there and it was such an incredible experience!! I was lucky to get all th way to the front 🇺 🇸 ❤ ️ 🇺 🇸 ❤ ️ 🇺 🇸
The Fake News Media HATES to see this!
RT: Thanks to President, we're the first country with comprehensive legislation on women's leadership in polit …
Thank you to. A great and legitimate reporter, as opposed to those at the Failing New York Times!
RT: The Justice Department must investigate Glenn Simpson, the head of opposition-research firm Fusion GPS, writes …
RT: MUST WATCH: Massive overflow crowd outside of ' s rally in New Hampshire chants " Four More Years! " & " USA! " …
RT: From Daily Mail: NH fire marshal: DID smash Elton John’s arena attendance record
Major consideration is being given to naming ANTIFA an “ORGANIZATION OF TERROR.” Portland is being watched very closely. Hopefully the Mayor will be able to properly do his job!
RT: Sooo much love in Ocean City, Maryland! ThankU! #KAG2020 🇺 🇸
Biggest crowd EVER, according to Arena people. Thousands outside trying to get in. Place was packed! Radical Left Dems & their Partner, LameStream Media, saying Arena empty. Check out pictures. Fake News. The Enemy of the People!
Look at the tremendous overflow at packed arena in New Hampshire last night. Sorry we couldn’t get you in, will be back soon!
Great time in New Hampshire last night. Placed was maxed out, totally packed, with thousands coming to the arena floor at start. Thousands more outside that were not allowed in per code. Energy was really great to see. We will win New Hampshire in 2020!
Having dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. They will be spending vast sums of money in the U. S. Great!
Just completed a very good meeting on Afghanistan. Many on the opposite side of this 19 year war, and us, are looking to make a deal - if possible!
RT:
RT:
I donate 100 % of my President’s salary, $ 400,000, back to our Country, and feel very good about it!
RT: American industry is soaring and factory floors across the country are coming back to life, thanks to President …
Like it or not, Tlaib and Omar are fast becoming the face of the Democrat Party. Cortez ( AOC ) is fuming, not happy about this!
Rep. Tlaib wrote a letter to Israeli officials desperately wanting to visit her grandmother. Permission was quickly granted, whereupon Tlaib obnoxiously turned the approval down, a complete setup. The only real winner here is Tlaib’s grandmother. She doesn’t have to see her now!
Israel was very respectful & nice to Rep. Rashida Tlaib, allowing her permission to visit her “grandmother.” As soon as she was granted permission, she grandstanded & loudly proclaimed she would not visit Israel. Could this possibly have been a setup? Israel acted appropriately!


Senator Jim Risch of the Great State of Idaho has been an incredible supporter of our Agenda! He is tough on Crime, Strong on Borders, and will continue to fight for our Second Amendment. Jim will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
Congratulations to Patrick Yoes for his election as National President of the great Fraternal Order of Police. Together we will fight for our incredible Law Enforcement Officers!
Thank you to my good friend Chuck Canterbury for 16 years of service to the Fraternal Order of Police and our great men and women in blue. You are an incredible patriot!
RT: " Americans can do anything, go anywhere, and outperform anyone. Nobody can beat us. Nothing can stop us because winning …
A great evening, with incredible people, in New Hampshire!
RT: In September 2018, the unemployment rate in New Hampshire reached its LOWEST POINT since 1988 at 2.4 — and remained there for …
RT:. agents arrested a previously deported child rapist on Wednesday after he attempted to re-enter the United Stat …
Thank you Rudy!
RT: #Trump2020 rally in Manchester, NH blows Biden and Dems away.
RT: This is more than an hour before and it is as full as a playoff game for a rally for. No one has ever go …
RT: This is a tour de force which is equivalent to Reagan and Clinton but has much bigger audiences and he excites them much …
Great news! Tonight, we broke the all-time attendance record previously held by Elton John at #SNHUArena in Manchester, New Hampshire!
Thank you New Hampshire. KEEP AMERICA GREAT! #KAG2020

Walmart, a great indicator as to how the U. S. is doing, just released outstanding numbers. Our Country, unlike others, is doing great! Don’t let the Fake News convince you otherwise.
“If they don’t get this Trade Deal with the U. S. done, China could have it first recession ( or worse! ) in years. There’s disinvestment in China right now. Also, the Fed is too tight ( I agree ).” Steve Moore, Heritage Foundation
Sadly, much truth to this!
RT: BREAKING: Alleged cop shooter in Philadelphia is a violent felon with previous gun convictions, was not allowed to own gu …
Andrew, thank you! We will never forgive or forget.
RT: After recently removed illegal immigrants working at Koch Foods’ plants in Mississippi, Americans are applying for …
Biden doesn’t have a clue! I will solve the China problem.
The Fake News Media is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for me and my re-election. The problem they have is that the economy is way too strong and we will soon be winning big on Trade, and everyone knows that, including China!
Representatives Omar and Tlaib are the face of the Democrat Party, and they HATE Israel!
Wow! The Deputy Editor of the Failing New York Times was just demoted. Should have been Fired! Totally biased and inaccurate reporting. The paper is a Fraud, Zero Credibility. Fake News takes another hit, but this time a big one!
Our Great Farmers know how important it is to win on Trade. They will be the big winners!
The United States is now, by far, the Biggest, Strongest and Most Powerful Economy in the World, it is not even close! As others falter, we will only get stronger. Consumers are in the best shape ever, plenty of cash. Business Optimism is at an All Time High!
If President Xi would meet directly and personally with the protesters, there would be a happy and enlightened ending to the Hong Kong problem. I have no doubt!
RT: Good things were stated on the call with China the other day. They are eating the Tariffs with the devaluation of thei …
RT:.. deferral to December. It actually helps China more than us, but will be reciprocated. Millions of jobs are being los …
It would show great weakness if Israel allowed Rep. Omar and Rep.Tlaib to visit. They hate Israel & all Jewish people, & there is nothing that can be said or done to change their minds. Minnesota and Michigan will have a hard time putting them back in office. They are a disgrace!
The Philadelphia shooter should never have been allowed to be on the streets. He had a long and very dangerous criminal record. Looked like he was having a good time after his capture, and after wounding so many police. Long sentence - must get much tougher on street crime!
... what they were doing. There’s plenty of indication, we don’t have to speculate. ” “Holy cow, got to read this book. ” “ WOW!” A very serious situation. Can never be allowed to happen again! DRAIN THE SWAMP
Go out and get Andrew McCarthy’s new book, “Ball of Collusion.” “ Supervision became the investigator, and when they pushed the envelope, there was nobody there to tell them NO. It goes right to the President ( Obama ). Plenty of information that Obama was informed & knew exactly...
Thank you, and the Wall is under major construction!
RT: What is going on in Philadelphia explains how dangerous it is to be a police officer. Our prayers are with them, all the …
RT: Democrats also boycotted Lincoln's inauguration bc he had this radical idea of ending slavery. Let that sink in. #TrumpInaug …
RT: I appreciate the opportunity to interview and learn the Trump Administration strategies and policies towards these serious issue …
Two great entertainers and, more importantly, great people! Check out their show.
RT: New Hampshire Poll: Corey Lewandowski Leads GOP Senate Field
RT: RUDY: " I’ve never had a client that’s been cleared three times. Once is usually enough, twice is ridiculous, three times?! …
RT: Congress must adopt USMCA after its six-week recess, writes.
RT: Lewandowski joining N. H. Trump rally amid rumors of Senate run. Can’t wait for ⁦ ⁩ to come back to NH to …
RT: Two great and loyal friends!
RT:
RT: " There is no evidence that we are in the midst of an epidemic of mass shootings, ", the leading researcher …
RT: Without direct evidence, branding the President a white supremacy adherent becomes a cheap piece of political propaganda. …
RT: President Trump VS Democrats
I know President Xi of China very well. He is a great leader who very much has the respect of his people. He is also a good man in a “tough business.” I have ZERO doubt that if President Xi wants to quickly and humanely solve the Hong Kong problem, he can do it. Personal meeting?
Good things were stated on the call with China the other day. They are eating the Tariffs with the devaluation of their currency and “pouring” money into their system. The American consumer is fine with or without the September date, but much good will come from the short...
.. deferral to December. It actually helps China more than us, but will be reciprocated. Millions of jobs are being lost in China to other non-Tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. Of course China wants to make a deal. Let them work humanely with Hong Kong first!
Sad!
RT: WE MUST ENFORCE OUR LAWS! Both suspects are illegal aliens. One was ordered removed but never left. The other was deported & …
Unlike others, our economy is strong!
RT: America needs four more years of President and the people of North Carolina agree!
We are winning, big time, against China. Companies & jobs are fleeing. Prices to us have not gone up, and in some cases, have come down. China is not our problem, though Hong Kong is not helping. Our problem is with the Fed. Raised too much & too fast. Now too slow to cut...
.. Spread is way too much as other countries say THANK YOU to clueless Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. Germany, and many others, are playing the game! CRAZY INVERTED YIELD CURVE! We should easily be reaping big Rewards & Gains, but the Fed is holding us back. We will Win!
The Great Charles Payne correctly stated that Fed Chair Jay Powell made TWO enormous mistakes. 1. When he said “mid cycle adjustment. ” 2. We’re data dependent. “ He did not do the right thing.” I agree ( to put it mildly! ).
Tremendous amounts of money pouring into the United States. People want safety!
“So far, you’ve had Tariffs imposed on 300 Billion Dollars worth of Chinese products, but you can’t tell me that it has hurt our economy... & it really hasn’t led to any kind of serious rise in prices at the consumer level.” And we are taking in $ Billions!
“The Fed has got to do something! The Fed is the Central Bank of the United States, not the Central Bank of the World.” Mark Grant Correct! The Federal Reserve acted far too quickly, and now is very, very late. Too bad, so much to gain on the upside!
Join me tomorrow night in Manchester, New Hampshire at 7:00 P. M. Eastern! #KAG2020
A fighter and champion, GREAT!
Great interview of Ron Vitiello, Former Acting Ice Director, by, on, about all of the work that is being ( & has been ) done on our Southern Border. Thanks Ron, terrific job! Now if only the Democrats would fix the Loopholes & Asylum.
Great day in the incredible Commonwealth of Pennsylvania today, with the amazing energy workers, construction workers, and craft workers who make America run – and who make America PROUD. No one in the world does it better than YOU!
RT: Voter fraud is real: Los Angeles county has a registration rate of 112 % its adult population The entire state of Calif …
RT: #VoterFraud is real. We need #VoterID now!!
No debate on Election Security should go forward without first agreeing that Voter ID ( Identification ) must play a very strong part in any final agreement. Without Voter ID, it is all so meaningless!
RT: The Trump Economy is delivering incredible results for the blue-collar workers who need it most. In case you missed it: h …
RT: Harris thought she was going to a nursing home... Ended up being taken to school.
RT: Mr. Trump’s statements against illegal immigration, Muslim terrorism, and the economic failure of some third world countri …
Thank you Bill!
RT: If 2020 Democrats like Biden have their way, they ’ d eliminate ALL fossil fuels. They want to kill millions of American …
True! Without being stuck at an airport, where CNN buys ( at a big price ) an uninterested audience, they’ve got nothing going. is BAD for America!
It always happens! When a Conservative does even a fraction of what Chris Cuomo did with his lunatic ranting, raving, & cursing, they get destroyed by the Fake News. But when a Liberal Democrat like Chris Cuomo does it, Republicans immediately come to his defense. We never learn!
RT: Ok Fredo
RT: THIS. IS. CNN.
See you in New Hampshire!
RT: There are 34,000 U. S. troops in Germany protecting Germans and Europeans. I can tell you this: & …
RT: 2020 Democrat Julian Castro says he’s “very proud” of his brother’s target list of supporters. Castro …
RT: how can a man ( ) provide this type of moment to a family and be considered by the scarecrows of americ …
RT: I assume not available for comment. Imagine their coverage of this if they were a real news organization?
RT: 🤣 🤣 🤣 Bill de Blasio draws 15 - person crowd in Iowa
Just leaving. Incredible Complex. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
RT: IN THE NEWS: Whispering Pines will present Christmas tree for ⁦ the Vice President’s Residence | WLUK 🌲 #Christmas ⁦ ⁩
RT: * WATCH *
RT: “Who am I then, Fredo?” Cuomo asked during a 2010 radio interview when his brother was considering running for governor. …
RT: * * BREAKING NOW * *
RT: Kamala Harris isn’t fooling anyone on health care. Here’s one of Iowa’s seniors calling her out for her socialist plan. …
RT: Remember when Anna Navarro referred to Don Jr. as Fredo while filing her nails on the show. I don't rememb …
So terrible!
RT: NYT Executive Editor taking heat today for Trump Unity headline. Can he handle? When merel …
RT: BREAKING: Current Sr. Google Engineer Goes Public on Camera: Tech is " dangerous, " " taking sides " - - SE …
RT: Disturbing video taken in #Shenzhen just across the boarder with #HongKong. Something extraordinarily bad is about hap …
RT: We've just had two incendiary mass shootings. In one, the shooter was pro-white supremacy. In the other, the shooter wa …
RT: Ahead of his trip to Pennsylvania, has achieved energy dominance in America! Meanwhile, 2020 Democrats con …
Put it back up. We are living with a Rigged & Fake Media!
Just landed in Pennsylvania. Looking forward to making a speech on energy. So important!
Our Intelligence has informed us that the Chinese Government is moving troops to the Border with Hong Kong. Everyone should be calm and safe!
Many are blaming me, and the United States, for the problems going on in Hong Kong. I can’t imagine why?
ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT! “The New York Times is no longer the paper we grew up with. It is no longer a news organization. It is now an agenda driven organization out to change the Country ( for the worse! ).” Michael Goodwin, Highly Respected New York Post Columnist.
As usual, China said they were going to be buying “big” from our great American Farmers. So far they have not done what they said. Maybe this will be different!
Would Chris Cuomo be given a Red Flag for his recent rant? Filthy language and a total loss of control. He shouldn’t be allowed to have any weapon. He’s nuts!
Thank you Steve!
Through massive devaluation of their currency and pumping vast sums of money into their system, the tens of billions of dollars that the U. S. is receiving is a gift from China. Prices not up, no inflation. Farmers getting more than China would be spending. Fake News won’t report!
I thought Chris was Fredo also. The truth hurts. Totally lost it! Low ratings
Thank you John, you are a special guy!
Curt Schilling, a great pitcher and patriot, is considering a run for Congress in Arizona. Terrific!
RT: Jim Jordan: Why didn't you charge Joseph Mifsud for lying to the FBI? Robert Mueller: I can’t get into it This video i …
RT: Who won the debate?
RT: The more working class Americans know about " Medicare for All " the more they reject it.
RT: The Trump administration on Monday rolled out some of the broadest changes in decades to enforcement of the landmark End …
RT: 2020 Democrats have been peddling their socialist policies in Iowa while ignoring something that would help all Iowans: …
RT: President in Iowa VS. Mayor in Iowa
RT: President is ensuring that non-citizens do not abuse American's public benefits. The Public Charge Rule wi …
The United States is learning much from the failed missile explosion in Russia. We have similar, though more advanced, technology. The Russian “Skyfall” explosion has people worried about the air around the facility, and far beyond. Not good!
RT:. on talking about who's really playing the " Race Card "
Two great and loyal friends!
RT:.: “ Poland meets its 2 % of GDP spending obligation towards NATO. Germany does not. We would welcome Amer …
RT: They call it “Thursday” at the Amazon Washington Post. Washington Post ' embarrassed ' over gaffe-filled story needing …
RT: Ambassador doesn’t waste his time with PR stunts and he doesn’t have to. President Trump has repeatedly p …
RT: " No battle is over in a minute. If it is, it wasn't worth fighting. ” America's great farmers are standing firmly behind @ …
RT: Why is the United States always stuck paying for everyone when prosperous nations don’t pay their fair share? …
RT: JUST ANNOUNCED: President will enforce a Clinton-era law to ensure that non-citizens do not abuse our publ …
Scaramucci, who like so many others had nothing to do with my Election victory, is only upset that I didn’t want him back in the Administration ( where he desperately wanted to be ). Also, I seldom had time to return his many calls to me. He just wanted to be on TV!
RT: STRONG! " The American economy is doing very well [ under ] & wages are up, but we cannot rely on the media …
RT: Joe Biden: “Poor kids are just as bright and just as talented as white kids.”
Thank you NEGOP!
RT: President has signed the LEGION Act, allowing the to extend benefits to 6 million addition …
RT: America's farmers support!
RT: While 2020 Democrats like Joe Biden threaten to eliminate all fossil fuels and wipe out Michigan’s auto industry, …
Many incredible things are happening right now for our Country. After years of being ripped off by other nations on both Trade Deals and the Military, things are changing fast. Big progress is being made. America is respected again. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
So funny to watch Little Donny Deutsch on TV with his own failing show. When I did The Apprentice, Donny would call me ( along with & others ) and BEG to be on that VERY successful show. He had the TV “bug” & I would let him come on though he ( & Erin ) had very little..
.. TV talent. Then, during the 2016 Election, I would watch as Joe Scarborough & his very angry Psycho wife (? ) would push Donny to the point of total humiliation. He would never fight back because he wanted to stay on TV, even on a very low rated show, all in the name of ambition!
Anthony Scaramucci, who was quickly terminated ( 11 days ) from a position that he was totally incapable of handling, now seems to do nothing but television as the all time expert on “President Trump.” Like many other so-called television experts, he knows very little about me...
... other than the fact that this Administration has probably done more than any other Administration in its first 2 1/2 years of existence. Anthony, who would do anything to come back in, should remember the only reason he is on TV, and it’s not for being the Mooch!
Joe Biden just said, “We believe in facts, not truth. ” Does anybody really believe he is mentally fit to be president? We are “ playing” in a very big and complicated world. Joe doesn’t have a clue!
Think how wonderful it is to be able to fight back and show, to so many, how totally dishonest the Fake News Media really is. It may be the most corrupt and disgusting business ( almost ) there is! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT: Died of SUICIDE on 24/7 SUICIDE WATCH? Yeah right! How does that happen #JefferyEpstein had information on Bill Clinton & …
RT: BREAKING: Documents were unsealed yesterday revealing that top Democrats, including Bill Clinton, took private trips to …
China wants to make a deal so badly. Thousands of companies are leaving because of the Tariffs, they must stem the flow. At the same time China may be hoping for a Democrat to win so they could continue the great ripoff of America, & the theft of hundreds of Billions of $’s!
Got to see, by accident, wacko comedian Bill Maher’s show - So many lies. He said patients in El Paso hospital didn’t want to meet with me. Wrong! Had really great meetings with numerous patients. Said I was on vacation. Wrong! Long planned fix up of W. H., stay here rather than..
... cause big disruption by going to Manhattan. Working almost all of the time, including evenings. Don’t have to be in W. H. to do that... And sooo many other false statements. He is right about one thing, though. I will win again in 2020. Otherwise, he pays 95 % in taxes!
Never has the press been more inaccurate, unfair or corrupt! We are not fighting the Democrats, they are easy, we are fighting the seriously dishonest and unhinged Lamestream Media. They have gone totally CRAZY. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
In a letter to me sent by Kim Jong Un, he stated, very nicely, that he would like to meet and start negotiations as soon as the joint U. S. / South Korea joint exercise are over. It was a long letter, much of it complaining about the ridiculous and expensive exercises. It was...
... also a small apology for testing the short range missiles, and that this testing would stop when the exercises end. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un in the not too distant future! A nuclear free North Korea will lead to one of the most successful countries in the world!
Maggie Haberman of the Failing reported that I was annoyed by the lack of cameras inside the hospitals in Dayton & El Paso, when in fact I was the one who stated, very strongly, that I didn’t want the Fake News inside & told my people NOT to let them in. Fake reporting!
RT: Thanks to the unhinged mob on the left, raised $ 12M today, $ 2M more than originally expected. The supp …
Liberal Hollywood is Racist at the highest level, and with great Anger and Hate! They like to call themselves “Elite,” but they are not Elite. In fact, it is often the people that they so strongly oppose that are actually the Elite. The movie coming out is made in order...
... to inflame and cause chaos. They create their own violence, and then try to blame others. They are the true Racists, and are very bad for our Country!
Serious discussions are taking place between House and Senate leadership on meaningful Background Checks. I have also been speaking to the NRA, and others, so that their very strong views can be fully represented and respected. Guns should not be placed in the hands of...
... mentally ill or deranged people. I am the biggest Second Amendment person there is, but we all must work together for the good and safety of our Country. Common sense things can be done that are good for everyone!
RT: Imagine living in a time when a national newspaper revises its front page headline because the lefties can’t handle truth. …
RT: LISTEN to my chat with Maggie Haberman from the failing ‘Why has the failing NYT changed its headline?’ #SoundCloud …
RT: Retweet if you see GETS A PASS By The Media says! " Media ignores Omar's Tax Fraud with som …
RT: Border Patrol took us to the border itself, including a boat patrol of the Rio Grande River. We saw Mexican government au …
Rod Blagojevich, the former Governor of Illinois, was sentenced to 14 years in prison. He has served 7 years. Many people have asked that I study the possibility of commuting his sentence in that it was a very severe one. White House staff is continuing the review of this matter.
I am pleased to inform you that the Honorable Joseph Maguire, current Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, will be named Acting Director of National Intelligence, effective August 15th. Admiral Maguire has a long and distinguished...
... career in the military, retiring from the U. S. Navy in 2010. He commanded at every level, including the Naval Special Warfare Command. He has also served as a National Security Fellow at Harvard University. I have no doubt he will do a great job!
Sue Gordon is a great professional with a long and distinguished career. I have gotten to know Sue over the past 2 years and have developed great respect for her. Sue has announced she will be leaving on August 15, which...
... coincides with the retirement of Dan Coats. A new Acting Director of National Intelligence will be named shortly.
... I know Emmanuel means well, as do all others, but nobody speaks for the United States but the United States itself. No one is authorized in any way, shape, or form, to represent us!
Iran is in serious financial trouble. They want desperately to talk to the U. S., but are given mixed signals from all of those purporting to represent us, including President Macron of France...
... John Deere, our car companies, & others, to compete on a level playing field. With substantial Fed Cuts ( there is no inflation ) and no quantitative tightening, the dollar will make it possible for our companies to win against any competition. We have the greatest companies...
... in the world, there is nobody even close, but unfortunately the same cannot be said about our Federal Reserve. They have called it wrong at every step of the way, and we are still winning. Can you imagine what would happen if they actually called it right?
As your President, one would think that I would be thrilled with our very strong dollar. I am not! The Fed’s high interest rate level, in comparison to other countries, is keeping the dollar high, making it more difficult for our great manufacturers like Caterpillar, Boeing,...
Just watched a world class loser, Tim O’ Brien, who I haven’t seen or spoken to in many years, & knows NOTHING about me except that he wrote a failed hit piece book about me 15 years ago. Fired like a dog from other jobs? Saw him on Lyin ’ Brian Williams Trump Slam Show. Bad TV...
... I am so amazed that MSNBC & CNN can keep putting on, over and over again, people that have no idea what I am all about, and yet they speak as experts on “Trump.” Same people since long before the 2016 Election, and how did that work out for the Haters and Losers. Not well!
My time spent in Dayton and El Paso with some of the greatest people on earth. Thank you for a job well done!
Incredible afternoon in El Paso, Texas. We love you, and are with you, all the way!
The Dems new weapon is actually their old weapon, one which they never cease to use when they are down, or run out of facts, RACISM! They are truly disgusting! They even used it on Nancy Pelosi. I will be putting out a list of all people who have been so ( ridiculously ) accused!
Leaving El Paso for the White House. What GREAT people I met there and in Dayton, Ohio. The Fake News worked overtime trying to disparage me and the two trips, but it just didn’t work. The love, respect & enthusiasm were there for all to see. They have been through so much. Sad!
I don’t know who Joaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate ( 1 % ) who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth. Joaquin is not the man that his brother is, but his brother, according to most, is not much. Keep fighting Joaquin!
I don’t know who Juaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate ( 1 % ) who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth. Juaquin is not the man that his brother is, but his brother, according to most, is not much. Keep fighting Juaquin!

The people I met today in Dayton are the finest anywhere!
We love you Dayton, Ohio!
Watching Fake News CNN is better than watching Shepard Smith, the lowest rated show on. Actually, whenever possible, I turn to!
... misrepresenting what took place inside of the hospital. Their news conference after I left for El Paso was a fraud. It bore no resemblance to what took place with those incredible people that I was so lucky to meet and spend time with. They were all amazing! o
Just left Dayton, Ohio, where I met with the Victims & families, Law Enforcement, Medical Staff & First Responders. It was a warm & wonderful visit. Tremendous enthusiasm & even Love. Then I saw failed Presidential Candidate ( 0 % ) Sherrod Brown & Mayor Whaley totally...
RT: President with the incredible medical staff at Miami Valley Hospital in Dayton, Ohio today. Some extremely …
Watching Sleepy Joe Biden making a speech. Sooo Boring! The LameStream Media will die in the ratings and clicks with this guy. It will be over for them, not to mention the fact that our Country will do poorly with him. It will be one big crash, but at least China will be happy!
RT: Senate Dems spent months launching false accusations in an attempt to smear #JusticeKavanaugh’s reputation & block his …
Today, we honor all of our Country’s Purple Heart recipients, their loved ones, and our Gold Star Families for their immeasurable sacrifice. These American Patriots represent the unyielding and unmatched strength and determination of the U. S. Armed Forces:
... terrible thing to watch, especially when things could be taken care of sooo easily. We will WIN anyway, but it would be much easier if the Fed understood, which they don’t, that we are competing against other countries, all of whom want to do well at our expense!
... proud to admit their mistake of acting too fast and tightening too much ( and that I was right! ). They must Cut Rates bigger and faster, and stop their ridiculous quantitative tightening NOW. Yield curve is at too wide a margin, and no inflation! Incompetence is a...
“Three more Central Banks cut rates.” Our problem is not China - We are stronger than ever, money is pouring into the U. S. while China is losing companies by the thousands to other countries, and their currency is under siege - Our problem is a Federal Reserve that is too...
“Meanwhile, the Dayton, Ohio, shooter had a history of supporting political figures like Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, and ANTIFA.” I hope other news outlets will report this as opposed to Fake News. Thank you!
“Trump Urges Unity Vs. Racism, ” was the correct description in the first headline by the Failing New York Times, but it was quickly changed to, “ Assailing Hate But Not Guns,” after the Radical Left Democrats went absolutely CRAZY! Fake News - That’s what we’re up against...
.. ” This is an astounding development in journalism. I’ve never seen it happen before, I’ve just never seen anything like this! Is that journalism today? I don’t think so! ” Mark Penn, Former Clinton Advisor. After 3 years I almost got a good headline from the Times!
South Korea has agreed to pay substantially more money to the United States in order to defend itself from North Korea. Over the past many decades, the U. S. has been paid very little by South Korea, but last year, at the request of President Trump, South Korea paid $ 990,000, 000..
... Talks have begun to further increase payments to the United States. South Korea is a very wealthy nation that now feels an obligation to contribute to the military defense provided by the United States of America. The relationship between the two countries is a very good one!
Beto ( phony name to indicate Hispanic heritage ) O’ Rourke, who is embarrassed by my last visit to the Great State of Texas, where I trounced him, and is now even more embarrassed by polling at 1 % in the Democrat Primary, should respect the victims & law enforcement - & be quiet!
“ California is trying to meddle with a ballot in order to oppose President Trump, and it’s clearly something California is not allowed to do. It violates the right of the Republican Party, or any party, to choose its leaders under the Free Speech clause, and under the 14th...
... Amendment. ” John Yoo. Former Governor Jerry Brown vetoed the same bill in that it was ridiculous and totally unconstitutional. Just more of the record setting Presidential Harassment. Don’t feel badly, New York State is far worse!
Will be going to Dayton, Ohio and El Paso, Texas, tomorrow to meet with First Responders, Law Enforcement, and some of the victims of the terrible shootings.
... in 2020. ” Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton, and boosted negative stories on Donald Trump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!
. of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me, what a great job the Administration is doing, that Google was not involved with China’s military, that they didn’t help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election, & that they...
... are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee, a Google engineer, say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to “ Make sure that Trump losses...
Thank you!
Thank you Mr. Wonderful, I like you too!
As they have learned in the last two years, our great American Farmers know that China will not be able to hurt them in that their President has stood with them and done what no other president would do - And I’ll do it again next year if necessary!
Massive amounts of money from China and other parts of the world is pouring into the United States for reasons of safety, investment, and interest rates! We are in a very strong position. Companies are also coming to the U. S. in big numbers. A beautiful thing to watch!
... are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee, a Google engineer, say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to “ Make sure that Trump losses...
... in 2020. ” Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton, and boosted negative stories on Donald Ttump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!
of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me, what a great job the Administration is doing, that Google was not involved with China’s military, that they didn’t help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election, and that they...
RT: As we commemorate #DDay75, let us give thanks for the valiant Allied soldiers who helped turn the tide of the Second Worl …
RT: My statement regarding President Trump's call for bipartisan, bicameral cooperation following the mass murders in El Paso …
“It’s political season and the election is around the corner. They want to continue to push that racist narrative.” And I am the least racist person. Black, Hispanic and Asian Unemployment is the lowest ( BEST ) in the history of the United States!
“Did George Bush ever condemn President Obama after Sandy Hook. President Obama had 32 mass shootings during his reign. Not many people said Obama is out of Control. Mass shootings were happening before the President even thought about running for Pres.”
Thank you!
Check out what is up to for the 2020 election! #KAG2020
Thank you and Tom Homan!
We must honor the sacred memory of those we have lost by acting as ONE PEOPLE. Open wounds cannot heal if we are divided. We must seek real, bipartisan solutions that will truly make America safer and better for all.
Today, I am also directing the Department of Justice to propose legislation ensuring that those who commit hate crimes and mass murders face the DEATH PENALTY - and that this capital punishment be delivered quickly, decisively, and without years of needless delay.
China is intent on continuing to receive the hundreds of Billions of Dollars they have been taking from the U. S. with unfair trade practices and currency manipulation. So one-sided, it should have been stopped many years ago!
Based on the historic currency manipulation by China, it is now even more obvious to everyone that Americans are not paying for the Tariffs – they are being paid for compliments of China, and the U. S. is taking in tens of Billions of Dollars! China has always...
... used currency manipulation to steal our businesses and factories, hurt our jobs, depress our workers’ wages and harm our farmers’ prices. Not anymore!
China dropped the price of their currency to an almost a historic low. It’s called “currency manipulation.” Are you listening Federal Reserve? This is a major violation which will greatly weaken China over time!
RT: Strong people stand up for themselves — but stronger people stand up for others. Thank you President for stan …
The Media has a big responsibility to life and safety in our Country. Fake News has contributed greatly to the anger and rage that has built up over many years. News coverage has got to start being fair, balanced and unbiased, or these terrible problems will only get worse!
We cannot let those killed in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio, die in vain. Likewise for those so seriously wounded. We can never forget them, and those many who came before them. Republicans and Democrats must come together and get strong background checks, perhaps marrying...
... this legislation with desperately needed immigration reform. We must have something good, if not GREAT, come out of these two tragic events!
Today, I authorized the lowering of the flags to half-staff at all Federal Government buildings in honor of the victims of the tragedies in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio...
... The flags at the White House will be lowered today through Thursday, August 8. Melania and I are praying for all those impacted by this unspeakable act of evil!
God bless the people of El Paso, Texas. God bless the people of Dayton, Ohio.
God bless the people of El Paso Texas. God bless the people of Dayton, Ohio.
The FBI, local and state law enforcement are working together in El Paso and in Dayton, Ohio. Information is rapidly being accumulated in Dayton. Much has already be learned in El Paso. Law enforcement was very rapid in both instances. Updates will be given throughout the day!
Today’s shooting in El Paso, Texas, was not only tragic, it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn today’s hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people...
... Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas.
Today’s shooting in El Paso, Texas was not only tragic, it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn today’s hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people...
... Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas.
' God be with you all ': Trump pledges full support for El Paso shooting victims as lawmakers also grieve via
RT: There is nothing racist about President #Trump's suggesting that those who regularly spew hate at #America might spend thei …
Pastor Scott, a great guy - and tough!
RT: Contrary to what the Left's " Know Nothing Blacks " are saying ( Tamar Braxton in particular ) The President was involved in …
RT: While the media is fixated on tweets and fear mongering here's are some employment stats for Black American in July. 284,000 r …
Fight hard tonight Colby. You are a real Champ! #MAGA
Terrible shootings in ElPaso, Texas. Reports are very bad, many killed. Working with State and Local authorities, and Law Enforcement. Spoke to Governor to pledge total support of Federal Government. God be with you all!
Things are going along very well with China. They are paying us Tens of Billions of Dollars, made possible by their monetary devaluations and pumping in massive amounts of cash to keep their system going. So far our consumer is paying nothing - and no inflation. No help from Fed!
Countries are coming to us wanting to negotiate REAL trade deals, not the one sided horror show deals made by past administrations. They don’t want to be targeted for Tariffs by the U. S.
RT: The nipple-height Mayor of Londonistan has NEVER been so unpopular. He has MINUS approval ratings because we are stab-city. …
Great working with you John. A big win for our amazing ranchers!
RT: Joining condemning Iran’s reported punishment of Mahrokh Kanbari for practicing her Christian beliefs. America ca …
RT: After a man is hacked to death in broad daylight by a Syrian migrant with a samurai sword, Merkel’s media says “ differences …
RT: 5 yrs ago today Dr. Kent Brantly arrived at Hospital after contracting the Ebola virus while serving …
A great couple!
Nice to see that one of my best pupils is still a giant Trump fan. Steve joined me after I won the primaries, but I loved working with him!
Our great Republican Congressman John Ratcliffe is being treated very unfairly by the LameStream Media. Rather than going through months of slander and libel, I explained to John how miserable it would be for him and his family to deal with these people...
... John has therefore decided to stay in Congress where he has done such an outstanding job representing the people of Texas, and our Country. I will be announcing my nomination for DNI shortly.
A $ AP Rocky released from prison and on his way home to the United States from Sweden. It was a Rocky Week, get home ASAP A $ AP!
... Chariman Kim has a great and beautiful vision for his country, and only the United States, with me as President, can make that vision come true. He will do the right thing because he is far too smart not to, and he does not want to disappoint his friend, President Trump!
Kim Jong Un and North Korea tested 3 short range missiles over the last number of days. These missiles tests are not a violation of our signed Singapore agreement, nor was there discussion of short range missiles when we shook hands. There may be a United Nations violation, but..
... Chairman Kim does not want to disappoint me with a violation of trust, there is far too much for North Korea to gain - the potential as a Country, under Kim Jong Un’s leadership, is unlimited. Also, there is far too much to lose. I may be wrong, but I believe that...
RT: Four more years means more JOBS, more JUDGES, more SUPPORT FOR OUR TROOPS, and four more years of draining the swamp! #MAGA …
Really bad news! The Baltimore house of Elijah Cummings was robbed. Too bad!
THANK YOU OHIO!! #KAG2020
I would like to thank two Great Iowa Senators, and - for their support today on the Spending Bill. Their vote, and the vote of other Republicans and Democrats helped get this done in a bipartisan fashion. Thank you all!
Beautiful evening in Cincinnati, Ohio tonight — with GREAT American Patriots! #KAG2020
Thank you Cincinnati, Ohio. Together, we are going to KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
BIG RALLY tonight in Cincinnati, Ohio. See you there! P. S. Our Country is doing GREAT!
Budget Deal is phenomenal for our Great Military, our Vets, and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs! Two year deal gets us past the Election. Go for it Republicans, there is always plenty of time to CUT!
China, Iran & other foreign countries are looking at the Democrat Candidates and “drooling” over the small prospect that they could be dealing with them in the not too distant future. They would be able to rip off our beloved USA like never before. With President Trump, NO WAY!
Congratulations to Kelly Knight Craft of #Kentucky on her confirmation as United Nations Ambassador. After having served so admirably as Ambassador to Canada, & having done an outstanding job no matter how difficult the task, Kelly will be fantastic at the United Nations. Winner!
The people on the stage tonight, and last, were not those that will either Make America Great Again or Keep America Great! Our Country now is breaking records in almost every category, from Stock Market to Military to Unemployment. We have prosperity & success like never before..
... It will soon be time to choose to keep and build upon that prosperity and success, or let it go. We are respected again all around the world. Keep it that way! I said I will never let you down, and I haven’t. We will only grow bigger, better and stronger TOGETHER!
The cages for kids were built by the Obama Administration in 2014. He had the policy of child separation. I ended it even as I realized that more families would then come to the Border!
Experts stated that the Fed should not have tightened, and then waited too long to undo their mistake. James Bullard of St. Louis Fed said they waited too long to correct the mistake that they made last December. “Mistake, Powell cut rate and then he started talking.”
Very low ratings for the Democratic Debate last night — they’re desperate for Trump!
Thank you Bill, say hello to our GREAT VETERANS!
RT: We are in a political firestorm over the condition of Baltimore. So what is life really like there? I spoke with resident …
The Radical Left Dems went after me for using the words “drug-infested” concerning Baltimore. Take a look at Elijah C.
“The 99 % Get a Bigger Raise”
... As usual, Powell let us down, but at least he is ending quantitative tightening, which shouldn’t have started in the first place - no inflation. We are winning anyway, but I am certainly not getting much help from the Federal Reserve!
What the Market wanted to hear from Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve was that this was the beginning of a lengthy and aggressive rate-cutting cycle which would keep pace with China, The European Union and other countries around the world...
... I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!
... to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion. I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer & Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards...
The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher ( who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly ), were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal. Not only did they lose the case, they had difficulty with respect...
The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher ( who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly ), were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal...
... Not only did they lose the case, they had difficulty with respect to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion...
... I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer and Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards. I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!
... or is he too dumb ( stupid } to understand that. No wonder CNN’s ratings ( MSNBC’s also ) have gone down the tubes - and will stay there until they bring credibility back to the newsroom. Don’t hold your breath!
CNN’s Don Lemon, the dumbest man on television, insinuated last night while asking a debate “question ” that I was a racist, when in fact I am “ the least racist person in the world.” Perhaps someone should explain to Don that he is supposed to be neutral, unbiased & fair,...
Lowering drug prices for many Americans - including our great seniors! At my direction, just released a Safe Importation Action Plan. Our Governors will be very happy too!
“The lesser of two Socialists is still a Socialist!” Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana
If I hadn’t won the 2016 Election, we would be in a Great Recession / Depression right now. The people I saw on stage last night, & you can add in Sleepy Joe, Harris, & the rest, will lead us into an economic sinkhole the likes of which we have never seen before. With me, only up!
Such a great victory in court yesterday on the Russian Hoax, the greatest political scam in the history of our Country. TREASON! Hopefully, the Attorney Generel of the United States, and all of those working with him, will find out, in great detail, what happened. NEVER AGAIN!!!
Wow! A federal Judge in the Southern District of N. Y. completely dismissed a lawsuit brought by the Democratic National Committee against our historic 2016 campaign for President. The Judge said the DNC case was “entirely divorced” from the facts, yet another total & complete...
... vindication & exoneration from the Russian, WikiLeaks and every other form of HOAX perpetrated by the DNC, Radical Democrats and others. This is really big “stuff” especially coming from a highly respected judge who was appointed by President Clinton. The Witch Hunt Ends!
RT: Being suspended from Twitter has me missing incredible videos like this one! HAVE YOU SEEN THIS!?!?!? Thank you …
Thank you Eric!
RT: Police aren't respected because attacking, demonizing and harassing police has been normalized by the media, Democrats, and …
RT: DEMOCRATS ARE THE ONLY ONES INTERFERING IN OUR ELECTIONS. 🤨 WHY DO YOU THINK THEY SO STRONGL …
Thank you Amy!
We should immediately pass Voter ID to insure the safety and sanctity of our voting system. Also, Paper Ballots as backup ( old fashioned but true! ). Thank you!
RT: Mitch McConnell argues Dem's ' Moscow Mitch ' moniker is ' modern-day McCarthyism '
RT: I spoke on the Senate floor today about my extensive record of standing up to Russia, election security, and why we won’t …
Great reception in Jamestown by both REPUBLICANS & DEMOCRATS. Respect for our Country’s incredible Heritage. Thank you!
RT: Senate failed in three separate attempts to override President Trump's vetoes of resolutions blocking US arms sales to Sau …
RT: We are very encouraged that and have released the first bipartisan framework for #PaidFamil …
Heading to Jamestown, Virginia. Word is the Democrats will make it as uncomfortable as possible, but that’s ok because today is not about them!
Just reminded my staff that Morning Joe & Psycho were with me in my room, at their request, the night I won New Hampshire. Likewise, followed me to other states...
... Don’t watch show, but heard Mika said I asked to preside over their marriage. Not true — does anyone really believe that? They were married by Elijah, King of Baltimore!
China has lost 5 million jobs and two million manufacturing jobs due to the Trump Tariffs. Trumps got China back on its heels, and the United States is doing great.
Senate is working hard on America’s Transportation Infrastructure Act. Will have BIG IMPACT on our highways and roads all across our Nation. Interest strong from Republicans and Democrats. Do I hear the beautiful word, BIPARTISAN? Get it done. I am with you!
...
Wow! Morning Joe & Psycho ratings have really crashed. Very small audience. People are tired of hearing Fake News delivered with an anger that is not to be believed. Sad, when the show was sane, they helped get me elected. Thanks! Was on all the time. Lost all of its juice!
... to ripoff the USA, even bigger and better than ever before. The problem with them waiting, however, is that if & when I win, the deal that they get will be much tougher than what we are negotiating now... or no deal at all. We have all the cards, our past leaders never got it!
.. My team is negotiating with them now, but they always change the deal in the end to their benefit. They should probably wait out our Election to see if we get one of the Democrat stiffs like Sleepy Joe. Then they could make a GREAT deal, like in past 30 years, and continue
China is doing very badly, worst year in 27 - was supposed to start buying our agricultural product now - no signs that they are doing so. That is the problem with China, they just don’t come through. Our Economy has become MUCH larger than the Chinese Economy is last 3 years...
Despite the Democrats wanting very unsafe Open Borders & refusing to change the Loopholes & Asylum, tremendous progress is being made the the Southern Border. We all waited because we assumed the Dems would ultimately be forced to change the horrible Immigration Laws.They didn’t!
Somali refugees arresed in Tucson on way to Egypt. They were in touch with an agent posing as a terrorist. One of them stated, “The best wake up call is Islamic State to get victory or another 9/11.” Get smart people! #MAGA #KAG
“I don’t know what it’s going to take. A lot of Democratic run cities all over America look like this, it’s not just Baltimore, unfortunately.” Kimberly Klacik, Baltimore journalist Remember, Vote for Trump, what the h... do you have to lose? Best unemployment numbers!
Baltimore’s numbers are the worst in the United States on Crime and the Economy. Billions of dollars have been pumped in over the years, but to no avail. The money was stolen or wasted. Ask Elijah Cummings where it went. He should investigate himself with his Oversight Committee!
Elijah Cummings never even went to the Southern Border and then he screams at the very good people who, despite Congresses failure to fix the Loopholes and Asylum, make it work ( crossings are way down and the Wall is being built ). Even with zero Dem help, Border getting strong!
Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith is doing a GREAT JOB for the people of Mississippi and fully supports our #MAGA Agenda. Cindy is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border and Illegal Immigration...
... She loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. Cindy has my Full and Total Endorsement! #MAGA
Just remember, the Iranians never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!
The Republican Party has a new STAR, his name is Daniel Cameron ( ), and he is running for Attorney General of the Commonwealth of Kentucky...
... He is tough on Crime, Strong on Borders, and will fight for our Second Amendment. Daniel will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
It is the 25th Anniversary of a GREAT Organization run by people who truly love our Country,. On behalf of all Americans, I thank them!
Looking forward to my meeting at 2:00 P. M. with wonderful Inner City Pastors!
RT: President Trump signed into law the permanent authorization of the 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund, which provides financial …
RT: President Trump gives a statement on the tragic shooting in Gilroy, California.
RT: President Trump Signs H. R. 1327
The Fed “raised” way too early and way too much. Their quantitative tightening was another big mistake. While our Country is doing very well, the potential wealth creation that was missed, especially when measured against our debt, is staggering. We are competing with other...
... countries that know how to play the game against the U. S. That’s actually why the E. U. was formed... and for China, until now, the U. S. has been “easy pickens.” The Fed has made all of the wrong moves. A small rate cut is not enough, but we will win anyway!
... even to new heights of success and glory, but not with King Elijah and that crew. When the leaders of Baltimore want to see the City rise again, I am in a very beautiful oval shaped office waiting for your call!
Crazy Bernie Sanders recently equated the City of Baltimore to a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY! Based on that statement, I assume that Bernie must now be labeled a Racist, just as a Republican would if he used that term and standard! The fact is, Baltimore can be brought back, maybe...
The E. U. and China will further lower interest rates and pump money into their systems, making it much easier for their manufacturers to sell product. In the meantime, and with very low inflation, our Fed does nothing - and probably will do very little by comparison. Too bad!
Al Sharpton would always ask me to go to his events. He would say, “it’s a personal favor to me.” Seldom, but sometimes, I would go. It was fine. He came to my office in T. T. during the presidential campaign to apologize for the way he was talking about me. Just a conman at work!
If the Democrats are going to defend the Radical Left “Squad” and King Elijah’s Baltimore Fail, it will be a long road to 2020. The good news for the Dems is that they have the Fake News Media in their pocket!
Baltimore, under the leadership of Elijah Cummings, has the worst Crime Statistics in the Nation. 25 years of all talk, no action! So tired of listening to the same old Bull... Next, Reverend Al will show up to complain & protest. Nothing will get done for the people in need. Sad!
I have known Al for 25 years. Went to fights with him & Don King, always got along well. He “loved Trump!” He would ask me for favors often. Al is a con man, a troublemaker, always looking for a score. Just doing his thing. Must have intimidated Comcast / NBC. Hates Whites & Cops!
RT: Message to the house democrats: time to legislate not investigate. The only investigations that should be going on right …
Good luck with the book George, should do well!
Law Enforcement is at the scene of shootings in Gilroy, California. Reports are that shooter has not yet been apprehended. Be careful and safe!
“The Democrats hate this President so much, they’re forgetting about their duty to secure our Border.” Sad but true!
“If the Democrats would have closed the Loopholes two years ago when President Trump asked them to do so, none of this stuff would have happened.”
... be leaving office on August 15th. I would like to thank Dan for his great service to our Country. The Acting Director will be named shortly.
I am pleased to announce that highly respected Congressman John Ratcliffe of Texas will be nominated by me to be the Director of National Intelligence. A former U. S. Attorney, John will lead and inspire greatness for the Country he loves. Dan Coats, the current Director, will...
Under the Trump Administration, African American unemployment is the lowest ( best ) in the history of the United States. No President has come close to doing this before! I also created successful Opportunity Zones. Waiting for Nancy and Elijah to say, “Thank you, Mr. President!”
If racist Elijah Cummings would focus more of his energy on helping the good people of his district, and Baltimore itself, perhaps progress could be made in fixing the mess that he has helped to create over many years of incompetent leadership. His radical “oversight” is a joke!
There is nothing racist in stating plainly what most people already know, that Elijah Cummings has done a terrible job for the people of his district, and of Baltimore itself. Dems always play the race card when they are unable to win with facts. Shame!
RT: Trump: Baltimore is a violent place. ( Highest homicide rate in USA / civilian employee assaulted in stre …
“Elijah Cummings has had his chance to address it ( crime & conditions in Baltimore ) for decades, and he hasn’t gotten it done.” How can he get it done when he just wants to use his Oversight Committee to hurt innocent people and divide our Country!
Speaking of failing badly, has anyone seen what is happening to Nancy Pelosi’s district in San Francisco. It is not even recognizeable lately. Something must be done before it is too late. The Dems should stop wasting time on the Witch Hunt Hoax and start focusing on our Country!
Someone please explain to Nancy Pelosi, who was recently called racist by those in her own party, that there is nothing wrong with bringing out the very obvious fact that Congressman Elijah Cummings has done a very poor job for his district and the City of Baltimore. Just take...
... a look, the facts speak far louder than words! The Democrats always play the Race Card, when in fact they have done so little for our Nation’s great African American people. Now, lowest unemployment in U. S. history, and only getting better. Elijah Cummings has failed badly!
“If it weren’t for Donald Trump, we would never know how corrupt these Democrats are, we would never know for sure that there was a Deep State. Now we know it.”

The Democrats are still doing the Russians dirty work as they continue to push the fake crime. Media credibility is now shot, Democrat credibility is shot, they’ve wasted over 100 hearings on a Hoax, they’ve done nothing on Infrastructure, drug prices, trade...
The real Collusion, the Conspiracy, the Crime, was between the Clinton Campaign, the DNC, Fusion GPS, Christopher Steele... ( and many others including Comey, McCabe, Lisa Page and her lover, Ohr and his wonderful wife, and on and on! ).
So sad that Elijah Cummings has been able to do so little for the people of Baltimore. Statistically, Baltimore ranks last in almost every major category. Cummings has done nothing but milk Baltimore dry, but the public is getting wise to the bad job that he is doing!
“One of the biggest things to come out of Mueller’s testimony was the fact that when he was asked, was there ANYTHING that impeded your investigation, the answer was a clear, unequivocal, NO. ” Misty Marris True, but many other great “ exonerating” things came out...
... Robert Mueller’s testimony, and the Mueller Report itself, was a disaster for this illegal Democrat inspired Witch Hunt. It is an embarrassment to the USA that they don’t know how to stop. They can’t help themselves, they are totally lost, they are Clowns!
Thank you!

Thank you!
Thanks!
. — your district!
RT: More trash. More concerned residents. People live in the home with the silver van. This is district. This h …
., why don’t you focus on your district!?
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION, TOTAL EXONERATION. DEMOCRAT WITCH HUNT!
We gave Nadler and his Trump hating Dems the complete Mueller Report ( we didn’t have to ), and even Mueller himself, but now that both were a total BUST, they say it wasn’t good enough. Nothing will ever be good enough for them. Witch Hunt!
Elijah Cummings spends all of his time trying to hurt innocent people through “Oversight.” He does NOTHING for his very poor, very dangerous and very badly run district! Take a look... #BlacksForTrump2020
Democrats don’t care about Border Security. They refuse to give the votes necessary to fix the Loopholes and Asylum. Would be so easy! They want Open Borders, which means CRIME, CRIME, CRIME!
Such a big victory of our Country! “Supreme Court approves Trump Administration plan to use Military Funds for the Wall.” We will be fully reimbursed for this expenditure, over time, by other countries.
The Dems are now coming out of shock from the terrible Mueller performance, and are starting to spin impeachment all over again. How sick & disgusting and bad for our Country are they. What they are doing is so wrong, but they do it anyway. Dems have become the do nothing Party!
The Democrats were trying mightily to revive the badly & irrevocably tarnished Witch Hunt Hoax until Robert Mueller put on the greatest display of ineptitude & incompetence that the Halls of Congress have ever seen. Truth is, he had no facts on his side. Nothing he could do!
Consideration is being given to declaring ANTIFA, the gutless Radical Left Wack Jobs who go around hitting ( only non-fighters ) people over the heads with baseball bats, a major Organization of Terror ( along with MS - 13 & others ). Would make it easier for police to do their job!
Why is so much money sent to the Elijah Cummings district when it is considered the worst run and most dangerous anywhere in the United States. No human being would want to live there. Where is all this money going? How much is stolen? Investigate this corrupt mess immediately!
Rep, Elijah Cummings has been a brutal bully, shouting and screaming at the great men & women of Border Patrol about conditions at the Southern Border, when actually his Baltimore district is FAR WORSE and more dangerous. His district is considered the Worst in the USA...
... As proven last week during a Congressional tour, the Border is clean, efficient & well run, just very crowded. Cumming District is a disgusting, rat and rodent infested mess. If he spent more time in Baltimore, maybe he could help clean up this very dangerous & filthy place

Wow! Big VICTORY on the Wall. The United States Supreme Court overturns lower court injunction, allows Southern Border Wall to proceed. Big WIN for Border Security and the Rule of Law!
“Puts Guatemalan Migrants on Fast Track Home”
RT: Today, President Trump announced a safe third country agreement with Guatemala that will put human smugglers out of busines …
The WTO is BROKEN when the world’s RICHEST countries claim to be developing countries to avoid WTO rules and get special treatment. NO more!!! Today I directed the U. S. Trade Representative to take action so that countries stop CHEATING the system at the expense of the USA!
Great morning at the Pentagon yesterday. Congratulations to our new Defense Secretary, Mark!
France just put a digital tax on our great American technology companies. If anybody taxes them, it should be their home Country, the USA. We will announce a substantial reciprocal action on Macron’s foolishness shortly. I’ve always said American wine is better than French wine!
Apple will not be given Tariff waiver, or relief, for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA, no Tariffs!
Q2 GDP Up 2.1 % Not bad considering we have the very heavy weight of the Federal Reserve anchor wrapped around our neck. Almost no inflation. USA is set to Zoom!
Apple will not be given Tariff wavers, or relief, for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA, no Tariffs!
There may or may not be National Security concerns with regard to Google and their relationship with China. If there is a problem, we will find out about it. I sincerely hope there is not!!!
... the fact that I have gone through a three year vicious Witch Hunt, perpetrated by the Lamestream Media in Collusion with Crooked and the Democrat Party, there can be NO WAY, with the greatest Economy in U. S. history, that I can be losing to the Sleepy One. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
. is at it again. So different from what they used to be during the 2016 Primaries, & before - Proud Warriors! Now new Fox Polls, which have always been terrible to me ( they had me losing BIG to Crooked Hillary ), have me down to Sleepy Joe. Even considering...
“Taken for Granted,” a wonderful new book by Gianno Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism failed, has my full Endorsement!
“Taken for Granted,” a wonderful new book by Gianni Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism Failed. Full Endorsement!
“Intelligence Community disappointed Mueller didn’t investigate the Steele Dossier.”... And plenty of other things!
I am pleased to announce the House has passed our budget deal 284-149. Great for our Military and our Vets. A big thank you!
Give A $ AP Rocky his FREEDOM. We do so much for Sweden but it doesn’t seem to work the other way around. Sweden should focus on its real crime problem! #FreeRocky
Very disappointed in Prime Minister Stefan Löfven for being unable to act. Sweden has let our African American Community down in the United States. I watched the tapes of A $ AP Rocky, and he was being followed and harassed by troublemakers. Treat Americans fairly! #FreeRocky
... What took place was completely unacceptable, and will not be tolerated. Bill de Blasio should act immediately!
We love our Law Enforcement Officers all around this great Country. What took place in NYC with water being tossed on NYPD officers was a total disgrace. It is time for to STAND UP for those who protect our lives and serve us all so well...
RT: Today, is the 1 - year anniversary of our #PledgetoAmericasWorkers!!! We have reached 12 MILLION (!!! ) commitments to trai …
Beautiful Welcome Ceremony at the Pentagon this morning for our new Secretary of Defense, Mark!
House Republicans should support the TWO YEAR BUDGET AGREEMENT which greatly helps our Military and our Vets. I am totally with you!
Mark Levin on now! Great guy.
Mark Levin will be on now! Great guy.
President Trump’s Approval Rating on Economy is at 52 %, a 4 point jump. Fox Poll Shouldn’t this be at 100 %? Best stock market, economy and unemployment numbers ever! Most people working within U. S. ever! Low interest rates, very low inflation! Country doing great!
Fox Poll say best Economy in DECADES!
RT: TRUTH IS A FORCE OF NATURE!
RT: The agreement between the Administration and Speaker Pelosi continues to fund the military at appropriate levels, contain …
... impeachment, you have a Party of one. It’s over. ” “Nancy said, Jerry, please sit down. Very bad idea. We discovered that after putting so much time & energy into the Mueller Report, it turns out Mueller didn’t know what was in his Report.”
“Yesterday changed everything, it really did clear the President. He wins.” “ It changed everything in favor of the President, who said all along this investigation is rooted in nothing. Mueller was exposed as being best friends with Comey. Today, you say...
Thank you Rep.!
Thank you Rep.!
Thank you!
Thank you McCarthy!

“The Media’s Mueller Meltdown”
The Democrats lost so BIG today. Their Party is in shambles right now...
The Democrats had nothing...

“Impeachment’s over!”
Even Michael Moore agrees that the Dems and Mueller blew it!
“The kind of questions the White House Correspondents were asking is almost like they didn’t see what went on at the hearings!” The hearings were a disaster for Robert Mueller & the Democrats. Nevertheless, the Fake News Media will try to make the best out of it!
TRUTH IS A FORCE OF NATURE!
RT: THREAD: Statement from Jay Sekulow, Counsel to the President: “ This morning’s testimony exposed the troubling deficiencies …
RT: Another Democrat theory shot down, and the truth we’ve known for months reaffirmed:
RT: It's not enough for Mr. Mueller to be able to vouch for his team. Federal recusal law exists for a reason. The interest …


RT: Gaetz: " Can you state with confidence the Steele dossier was not part of Russia's disinformation campaign? " Mueller: " Wi …
RT: Why didn't Mueller charge Joseph Mifsud for lying to the FBI?
RT: #MuellerReport #WitchHunt
I would like to thank the Democrats for holding this morning’s hearing. Now, after 3 hours, Robert Mueller has to subject himself to #ShiftySchiff - an Embarrassment to our Country!
RT: Boom 💥 Jim Jordan just blew the lid off the Hoax as Mueller cowers & refuses t …
RT: No collusion. No obstruction, No impeachment. Shut the coup cabal down!
“Mueller was asked whether or not the investigation was impeded in any way, and he said no.” In other words, there was NO OBSTRUCTION.
“This has been a disaster for the Democrats and a disaster for the reputation of Robert Mueller.” Chris Wallace
It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director ( and get turned down ) the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesn’t say that under oath in that we have numerous witnesses to the...
... interview, including the Vice President of the United States!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION!
... interview, including the Vice President of the United States!
It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director ( and get turned down ) the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesn’t say that under oath in the we have numerous witnesses to the...
So why didn’t the highly conflicted Robert Mueller investigate how and why Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted and acid washed 33,000 Emails immediately AFTER getting a SUBPOENA from the United States Congress? She must have GREAT lawyers!
Why didn’t Robert Mueller & his band of 18 Angry Democrats spend any time investigating Crooked Hillary Clinton, Lyin ’ & Leakin ’ James Comey, Lisa Page and her Psycho lover, Peter S, Andy McCabe, the beautiful Ohr family, Fusion GPS, and many more, including HIMSELF & Andrew W?
It was NEVER agreed that Robert Mueller could use one of his many Democrat Never Trumper lawyers to sit next to him and help him with his answers. This was specifically NOT agreed to, and I would NEVER have agreed to it. The Greatest Witch Hunt in U. S. history, by far!
So Democrats and others can illegally fabricate a crime, try pinning it on a very innocent President, and when he fights back against this illegal and treasonous attack on our Country, they call It Obstruction? Wrong! Why didn’t Robert Mueller investigate the investigators?
So Robert Mueller has now asked for his long time Never Trumper lawyer to sit beside him and help with answers. What’s this all about? His lawyer represented the “basement server guy” who got off free in the Crooked Hillary case. This should NOT be allowed. Rigged Witch Hunt!
The young leaders here today ( ) are part of a movement unlike anything in the history of our nation. It is a movement about reclaiming YOUR future, rebuilding YOUR Country, restoring YOUR destiny, and renewing the values that are the true source of American GREATNESS!
Congratulations to our new Secretary of Defense, Mark!
Oh well, we still have the great who I hear has a really strong show tonight. 9:00 P. M.
Just watched Rep. Eric Swalwell be asked endless softball questions by on about the phony Witch Hunt. He was just forced out of the Democrat Presidential Primary because he polled at ZERO. Fox sure ain’t what it used to be. Too bad!
Just got back only to hear of a last minute change allowing a Never Trumper attorney to help Robert Mueller with his testimony before Congress tomorrow. What a disgrace to our system. Never heard of this before. VERY UNFAIR, SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED. A rigged Witch Hunt!
Budget Deal gives great victories to our Military and Vets, keeps out Democrat poison pill riders. Republicans and Democrats in Congress need to act ASAP and support this deal.
I was saddened to learn of the recent passing of Bob Morgenthau, a truly great man! Bob served as a Naval Officer in World War II, was an extraordinary US Attorney, Manhattan District Attorney, and always a warrior for our Country that he loved so dearly...
... I got to know him over his many years as Chairman of the Police Athletic League, for which he devoted so much time and energy. Bob Morgenthau, a legend, will be greatly missed!
Leaving for Turning Point USA. Will be speaking to some of the greatest and smartest young people on the planet. See you there!
When an old Wall at the Southern Border, that is crumbling and falling over, built in an important section to keep out problems, is replaced with a brand new 30 foot high steel and concrete Wall, the Media says no new Wall has been built. Fake News! Building lots of Wall!
In 2016 I almost won Minnesota. In 2020, because of America hating anti-Semite Rep. Omar, & the fact that Minnesota is having its best economic year ever, I will win the State! “We are going to be a nightmare to the President,” she say. No, AOC Plus 3 are a Nightmare for America!
... Tariffs, Remittance Fees, or all of the above. Guatemala has not been good. Big U. S. taxpayer dollars going to them was cut off by me 9 months ago.
Guatemala, which has been forming Caravans and sending large numbers of people, some with criminal records, to the United States, has decided to break the deal they had with us on signing a necessary Safe Third Agreement. We were ready to go. Now we are looking at the “BAN,”...
Farmers are starting to do great again, after 15 years of a downward spiral. The 16 Billion Dollar China “replacement” money didn’t exactly hurt!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Congratulations to Boris Johnson on becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He will be great!
... Best and Newest Military ( almost totally rebuilt from the depleted military I took over ) in History, Best V. A. in History ( Choice ), and MUCH, MUCH MORE. Gee, let’s impeach the President. The “Squad” ( AOC Plus 3 ) and other Dems suffer from Trump Derangement Syndrome. Crazy!
Newest Poll: Only 11 % in favor of starting ridiculous impeachment hearings. Well, let’s see: We have the Best Economy in History, the Best Employment Numbers in History, Most People Working in History, Highest Stock Market in History, Biggest Tax and Regulation Cuts in History,..
“I completely read the entire Mueller Report, and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2? There is no there there. NO THERE THERE! We completely wasted everybody’s time and taxpayer’s money.”
“I completely read the entire Mueller Report, and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2? There is no there there. NO THERE THERE! We completely wasted everybody’s time and taxpayer’s money.”

When we rip down and totally replace a badly broken and dilapidated Barrier on the Southern Border, something which cannot do the job, the Fake News Media gives us zero credit for building a new Wall. We have replaced many miles of old Barrier with powerful new Walls!
I am pleased to announce that a deal has been struck with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, and House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy - on a two-year Budget and Debt Ceiling, with no poison pills...
... This was a real compromise in order to give another big victory to our Great Military and Vets!
The “Squad” is a very Racist group of troublemakers who are young, inexperienced, and not very smart. They are pulling the once great Democrat Party far left, and were against humanitarian aid at the Border... And are now against ICE and Homeland Security. So bad for our Country!
Going with First Lady to pay our respects to Justice Stevens. Leaving now!
The Report of Iran capturing CIA spies is totally false. Zero truth. Just more lies and propaganda ( like their shot down drone ) put out by a Religious Regime that is Badly Failing and has no idea what to do. Their Economy is dead, and will get much worse. Iran is a total mess!
... But the questions should be asked, why were all of Clinton’s people given immunity, and why were the text messages of Peter S and his lover, Lisa Page, deleted and destroyed right after they left Mueller, and after we requested them ( this is Illegal )?
Highly conflicted Robert Mueller should not be given another bite at the apple. In the end it will be bad for him and the phony Democrats in Congress who have done nothing but waste time on this ridiculous Witch Hunt. Result of the Mueller Report, NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION!...
Fake News Equals the Enemy of the People!
The Mainstream Media is out of control. They constantly lie and cheat in order to get their Radical Left Democrat views out their for all to see. It has never been this bad. They have gone bonkers, & no longer care what is right or wrong. This large scale false reporting is sick!
The Amazon Washington Post front page story yesterday was total Fake News. They said “Advisors wrote new talking points and handed him reams of opposition research on the four Congresswomen.” Now really, does that sound like me? What advisors, there were no talking points,...
... except for those stated by me, & “reams of paper” were never given to me. It is a made up story meant to demean & belittle. The Post had no sources. The facts remain the same, that we have 4 Radical Left Congresswomen who have said very bad things about Israel & our Country!
It is far more costly for the Federal Reserve to cut deeper if the economy actually does, in the future, turn down! Very inexpensive, in fact productive, to move now. The Fed raised & tightened far too much & too fast. In other words, they missed it ( Big! ). Don’t miss it again!
... as we have done, it could have been sooo much better. Interest rate costs should have been much lower, & GDP & our Country’s wealth accumulation much higher. Such a waste of time & money. Also, very unfair that other countries manipulate their currencies and pump money in!
With almost no inflation, our Country is needlessly being forced to pay a MUCH higher interest rate than other countries only because of a very misguided Federal Reserve. In addition, Quantitative Tightening is continuing, making it harder for our Country to compete. As good...

Thank you very much for revealing the incredible facts, which the Fake News Media will never do!

Senator Chuck Schumer has finally gone to the Southern Border with some Democrat Senators. This is a GREAT thing! Nearby, he missed a large group of Illegal Immigrants trying to enter the USA illegally. They wildly rushed Border Patrol. Some Agents were badly injured...
... Based on the comments made by Senator Schumer, he must have seen how dangerous & bad for our Country the Border is. It is not a “manufactured crisis,” as the Fake News Media & their Democrat partners tried to portray. He said he wants to meet. I will set up a meeting ASAP!
... Most importantly you have led Israel with a commitment to the values of democracy, freedom, and equal opportunity that both our nations cherish and share!
Congratulations to Bibi on becoming the longest serving PM in the history of Israel. Under your leadership, Israel has become a technology powerhouse and a world class economy...
I don’t believe the four Congresswomen are capable of loving our Country. They should apologize to America ( and Israel ) for the horrible ( hateful ) things they have said. They are destroying the Democrat Party, but are weak & insecure people who can never destroy our great Nation!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Presidential Harassment!
The Washington Post Story, about my speech in North Carolina and tweet, with its phony sources who do not exist, is Fake News. The only thing people were talking about is the record setting crowd and the tremendous enthusiasm, far greater than the Democrats. You’ll see in 2020!
Big progress at the Border, but Dems in Congress must change the Immigration Laws for all to be good! End the Loopholes and much more.
RT: “Women’s issues are American issues.” -
The Great State of West Virginia is producing record setting numbers and doing really well. When I became President, it was practically shut down and closed for business. Not anymore!
I will help Angel Mom ( and great woman ) Mary Ann Mendoza with Twitter. I know Mary Ann from the beginning, and she should never be silenced. She is a winner who has lost so much, her child. Twitter, if you’re watching, please do what you have to do, NOW!
RT: Up bright and early on discussing Trump’s rally in North Carolina, his latest approval rating at 50 %, …
RT: President Trump: " Look at all those signs, ' #WomenForTrump '! " #TrumpRally
RT: The unemployment rate for women is the lowest it’s been in 50 years under the Trump Administration. Discussing Women f …
RT: Meet ' The REAL Squad '. We are #WomenForTrump. Women stand with President and nothing will stop …
RT: We're already mobilizing our army of volunteers to recruit, train & register new voters – all to help & …
RT: Incredibly honored to be part of the Women for Trump Coalition, which launched this morning in Pennsylvania. My goal i …
RT: Our squad is better 🇺 🇸 …
Economic numbers reach an all time high, the best in our Country’s history. Great to be a part of something so good for so many!
RT: I stand with!
RT: Great news for Texas in June's unemployment rates report.
RT: The Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) for prescription drugs decreased 2.0 percent in June from 12 months prior according to th …
RT: Tuesday: Democrats spent all day trying to defend Speaker Pelosi after she violated House floor rules Wednesday: Democ …

Just had a very good call with Stefan Löfven who assured me that American citizen A $ AP Rocky will be treated fairly. Likewise, I assured him that A $ AP was not a flight risk and offered to personally vouch for his bail, or an alternative...
... Our teams will be talking further, and we agreed to speak again in the next 48 hours!
You can add 10 % or 15 % to this number. Economy doing better than EVER before!
RT: Pulte awards President Trump’s retweet Recipient, a Female Combat Veteran and Single Mom, with $ 30,000 ( $ 20k Brand New Car! ) and …
Thank you Bill. Very nice!
RT: The mainstream media won't cover it nearly enough, but thanks to the #FirstStepAct that signed into law …
RT: Democrats are dead set on erasing all the economic gains that America has made under President.
RT: #USMCA will put America in a stronger position globally. Delaying #USMCA further only prevents farmers, manufacturers, and …
RT: American optimism is at its highest level in more than a decade!
RT: Just spoke to about his friend A $ AP Rocky’s incarceration. I will be calling the very talented Prime Minist …
As you can see, I did nothing to lead people on, nor was I particularly happy with their chant. Just a very big and patriotic crowd. They love the USA!
With the incompetent Mayor of London, you will never have safe streets!
RT: How I wish we had such leadership in the U. K. “Don’t like this country? Don’t like what it gives you? Then leave” Trump d …
RT: The has made #2020 a bold and binary decision. Are you going to choose socialists, choose ISIS, choose the …
RT: “ I always said I don't think it matters who the nominee on the Democrat side is, because this President is so strong, the economy …
RT: The Do-Nothing Democrats ' agenda this week: → Let Pelosi violate House rules to harass → Harass Trump s …
RT: Democrats are outraged about " cages " at border detention facilities. But guess who built EVERY SINGLE ONE: President Obama. …
RT: James Comey said the Dossier was " salacious and unverified. " Turns out that was an understatement. It was salacious and co …
Just spoke to about his friend A $ AP Rocky’s incarceration. I will be calling the very talented Prime Minister of Sweden to see what we can do about helping A $ AP Rocky. So many people would like to see this quickly resolved!
RT: When our President stands up to radical Democrats who accuse Border Patrol of running concentration camps, use anti-Semitic …
Thank you! #MAGA2020
RT: Think what it would be without the 3 year Witch Hunt and Fake News Media, in partnership with the Democrats!
RT: So sad to see the Democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our Country and who, in addition, hate Israel …
RT:... and the many terrible things they say about the United States must not be allowed to go unchallenged. If the Democ …
RT: If Democrats want to unite around the foul language & racist hatred spewed from the mouths and actions of these very u …
RT: When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country, the people of Israel and even to the Office of the …
... Fed: There is almost no inflation!
I like New York Fed President John Williams first statement much better than his second. His first statement is 100 % correct in that the Fed “raised” far too fast & too early. Also must stop with the crazy quantitative tightening. We are in a World competition, & winning big,...
... but it is no thanks to the Federal Reserve. Had they not acted so fast and “so much,” we would be doing even better than we are doing right now. This is our chance to build unparalleled wealth and success for the U. S., GROWTH, which would greatly reduce % debt. Don’t blow it!
Because of the faulty thought process we have going for us at the Federal Reserve, we pay much higher interest rates than countries that are no match for us economically. In other words, our interest costs are much higher than other countries, when they should be lower. Correct!
... he could not have been nicer or more respectful to your favorite President, me. Then I saw the column he wrote, “Trump Will Be Re-elected, Won’t He?” He called me a Racist, which I am not, and said Rhode Island went from economically bad to great in 5 years because the...
... Governor of the State did a good job. That may be true but she could not have done it without the tremendous economic success of our Country & the turnaround that my Administration has caused. Really Nasty to me in his average I. Q. Columns, kissed my a.. on the call. Phony!
Thomas “the Chin” Friedman, a weak and pathetic sort of guy, writes columns for The New York Times in between rounds of his favorite game, golf. Two weeks ago, while speaking to a friend on his cell phone, I unfortunately ended up speaking to Friedman. We spoke for a while and...
... Mainstream Media, which has lost all credibility, has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership, so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota, a...
... State which I will win in #2020 because they can’t stand her and her hatred of our Country, and they appreciate all that I have done for them ( opening up mining and MUCH more ) which has led to the best employment & economic year in Minnesota’s long and beautiful history!
It is amazing how the Fake News Media became “crazed ” over the chant “ send her back” by a packed Arena ( a record ) crowd in the Great State of North Carolina, but is totally calm & accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen...
... Mainstream Media, which has lost all credibility, has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership, so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota, a...
... State which I will win in #2020 because they can’t stand her and her hatred of our Country, and they appreciate all that I have done for them ( opening up mining and MUCH more ) which has led to the best employment & economic year in Minnesota’s long and beautiful history!
It is amazing how the Fake News Media became “crazed ” over the chant “ send he back” by a packed Arena ( a record ) crowd in the Great State of North Carolina, but is totally calm & accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen...
Great new book, “Justice On Trial, The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court.” Fantastic job by Mollie Hemingway and Carrie Severino!

I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Gene Scalia as the new Secretary of Labor. Gene has led a life of great success in the legal and labor field and is highly respected not only as a lawyer, but as a lawyer with great experience...
... working with labor and everyone else. He will be a great member of an Administration that has done more in the first 2 ½ years than perhaps any Administration in history!
Today, Melania and I were honored to welcome members of Team USA to the for a great celebration of their success during the 2019! Congratulations! #Cheer4USA
This should have been taken care of years ago, the Trump Administration is taking care of these thugs now!
Today, on behalf of the American people, I received an American flag that flew aboard a ship carrying the first waves of U. S. Service Members to land in Normandy...
I want to apprise everyone of an incident in the Strait of Hormuz today, involving #USSBoxer, a U. S. Navy amphibious assault ship. The BOXER took defensive action against an Iranian drone...
... of gang members, in particular MS - 13. ICE and Border Patrol are doing a great job!
Most of the MS - 13 Gang members indicted & arrested in L. A. were illegal aliens, 19 of 22. They are said to have killed many people in the most brutal fashion. They should never have been allowed in our Country for so long, 10 years. We have arrested and deported thousands...
A lot of bad things are happening in Puerto Rico. The Governor is under siege, the Mayor of San Juan is a despicable and incompetent person who I wouldn’t trust under any circumstance, and the United States Congress foolishly gave 92 Billion Dollars for hurricane relief, much...
... of which was squandered away or wasted, never to be seen again. This is more than twice the amount given to Texas & Florida combined. I know the people of Puerto Rico well, and they are great. But much of their leadership is corrupt, & robbing the U. S. Government blind!
Most of the MS - 13 Gang members indictedand & arrested in L. A. were illegal aliens, 19 of 22. They are said to have killed many people in the most brutal fashion. They should never have been allowed in our Country for so long, 10 years. We have arrested and deported thousands...
... of gang members, in particular MS - 13. Ice and Border Patrol are doing a great job!
Just returned to the White House from the Great State of North Carolina. What a crowd, and what great people. The enthusiasm blows away our rivals on the Radical Left. #2020 will be a big year for the Republican Party!
The Republican Party is the Party for ALL Americans. We are the Party of the American Worker, the American Family & the American Dream. This is the proud banner the Republican Party will carry into the Republican National Convention next summer in the great city of Charlotte, NC!
Together, we will continue unleashing the power of American enterprise, so every American can know the dignity of work and the pride of a paycheck. With your help, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair, and LAWFUL system of immigration! #MAGA2020
THANK YOU Greenville, North Carolina! #MAGA2020
The United States House of Representatives has just overwhelmingly voted to kill the Resolution on Impeachment, 332-95- 1. This is perhaps the most ridiculous and time consuming project I have ever had to work on. Impeachment of your President, who has led the...
... Greatest Economic BOOM in the history of our Country, the best job numbers, biggest tax reduction, rebuilt military and much more, is now OVER. This should never be allowed to happen to another President of the United States again!
See you tonight, North Carolina! #MAGA2020
GOD BLESS THE USA 🇺 🇸
New Poll: The Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in predicting the 2016 Election, has just announced that “Trump” numbers have recently gone up by four points, to 50 %. Thank you to the vicious young Socialist Congresswomen. America will never buy your act! #MAGA2020
After a ten year search, the so-called “mastermind” of the Mumbai Terror attacks has been arrested in Pakistan. Great pressure has been exerted over the last two years to find him!
Big Rally tonight in Greenville, North Carolina. Lots of great things to tell you about, including the fact that our Economy is the best it has ever been. Best Employment & Stock Market Numbers EVER. I’ll talk also about people who love, and hate, our Country ( mostly love )! 7:P M
The Democrats in Congress are getting nothing done, not on drug pricing, not on immigration, not on infrastructure, not on nothing! Sooo much opportunity, yet all they want to do is go “fishing.” The American people are tired of the never ending Witch Hunt, they want results now!
... opinion, they’re Americans. Now I ’ m entitled to my opinion, & I just think they’re left wing cranks. They’re the reason there are directions on a shampoo bottle, & we should ignore them. The “squad” has moved the Democrat Party substantially LEFT, and...
... they are destroying the Democrat Party. I ’ m appalled that so many of our Presidential candidates are falling all over themselves to try to agree with the four horsewomen of the apocalypse. I ’ m entitled to say that they’re Wack Jobs. ” Louisiana Senator John Kennedy
“ In America, if you hate our Country, you are free to leave. The simple fact of the matter is, the four Congresswomen think that America is wicked in its origins, they think that America is even more wicked now, that we are all racist and evil. They’re entitled to their...
... visible members of the House Democrats, who are now wedded to this bitterness and hate. The Republican vote was 187-4. Wow! Also, this was the first time since 1984 that the Speaker of the House was ruled Out of Order and broke the Rules of the House. Quite a day!
So great to see how unified the Republican Party was on today’s vote concerning statements I made about four Democrat Congresswomen. If you really want to see statements, look at the horrible things they said about our Country, Israel, and much more. They are now the top, most...
RT: Montanans are sick and tired of listening to anti-American, anti-Semite, radical Democrats trash our country and our ideal …
Yesterday, it was my great honor to host our third annual Made in America Showcase at the...
Looking forward to tomorrow night’s rally in Greenville, North Carolina at 7:00 P. M. Eastern!
RT: 50 years ago, Apollo 11 launched holding astronauts that would soon make history and walk on the moon. Today, under the leadership …
Kevin McCarthy, “The President’s Tweets were not Racist. The controversy over the tweets is ALL POLITICS. I will vote against this resolution.” Thank you Kevin!
Those Tweets were NOT Racist. I don’t have a Racist bone in my body! The so-called vote to be taken is a Democrat con game. Republicans should not show “weakness” and fall into their trap. This should be a vote on the filthy language, statements and lies told by the Democrat...
... Congresswomen, who I truly believe, based on their actions, hate our Country. Get a list of the HORRIBLE things they have said. Omar is polling at 8 %, Cortez at 21 %. Nancy Pelosi tried to push them away, but now they are forever wedded to the Democrat Party. See you in 2020!
Our Country is Free, Beautiful and Very Successful. If you hate our Country, or if you are not happy here, you can leave!
If you come after the President, the Country, the Flag - he’s going to defend himself. What the squad doesn’t like is that Donald Trump is enforcing the very laws that are on the books that were put there by Congress. ” Jason Chaffetz. Also, buy Jason’s great new book, POWER GRAB!
“Billionaire Tech Investor Peter Thiel believes Google should be investigated for treason. He accuses Google of working with the Chinese Government.” A great and brilliant guy who knows this subject better than anyone! The Trump Administration will take a look!
The Democrat Congresswomen have been spewing some of the most vile, hateful, and disgusting things ever said by a politician in the House or Senate, & yet they get a free pass and a big embrace from the Democrat Party. Horrible anti-Israel, anti-USA, pro-terrorist & public...
... shouting of the F... word, among many other terrible things, and the petrified Dems run for the hills. Why isn’t the House voting to rebuke the filthy and hate laced things they have said? Because they are the Radical Left, and the Democrats are afraid to take them on. Sad!
“The best economy in our lifetime!”
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Obama Administration built the Cages, not the Trump Administration! DEMOCRATS MUST GIVE US THE VOTES TO CHANGE BAD IMMIGRATION LAWS.
The Dems were trying to distance themselves from the four “progressives,” but now they are forced to embrace them. That means they are endorsing Socialism, hate of Israel and the USA! Not good for the Democrats!
... They are anti-Israel, pro Al-Qaeda, and comment on the 9/11 attack, “some people did something.” Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders, which means drugs, crime, human trafficking, and much more...
... Detention facilities are not Concentration Camps! America has never been stronger than it is now – rebuilt Military, highest Stock Market EVER, lowest unemployment and more people working than ever before. Keep America Great!
We will never be a Socialist or Communist Country. IF YOU ARE NOT HAPPY HERE, YOU CAN LEAVE! It is your choice, and your choice alone. This is about love for America. Certain people HATE our Country...
Here we go with the Fake Polls. Just like what happened with the Election against Crooked Hillary Clinton. ABC, NBC, CNN, ,, they all got it wrong, on purpose. Suppression Polls so early? They will never learn!
... to impeach President Trump on DAY ONE. Make them the face of the future of the Democrat Party, you will destroy the Democrat Party. Their policies will destroy our Country! ” Need I say more?
“ We all know that AOC and this crowd are a bunch of Communists, they hate Israel, they hate our own Country, they’re calling the guards along our Border ( the Border Patrol Agents ) Concentration Camp Guards, they accuse people who support Israel as doing it for the Benjamin’s,...
... they are Anti-Semitic, they are Anti-America, we don’t need to know anything about them personally, talk about their policies. I think they are American citizens who are duly elected that are running on an agenda that is disgusting, that the American people will reject...
... What does it mean for America to have free Healthcare for Illegal Immigrants, no criminalization of coming into our Country - See how that works for controlling Immigration! They talk about Israel like they’re a bunch of thugs, not victims of the entire region. They wanted...
If Democrats want to unite around the foul language & racist hatred spewed from the mouths and actions of these very unpopular & unrepresentative Congresswomen, it will be interesting to see how it plays out. I can tell you that they have made Israel feel abandoned by the U. S.
When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country, the people of Israel and even to the Office of the President, for the foul language they have used, and the terrible things they have said. So many people are angry at them & their horrible & disgusting actions!
... with the U. S., and wishes it had not broken the original deal in the first place. In the meantime, we are receiving Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China, with possibly much more to come. These Tariffs are paid for by China devaluing & pumping, not by the U. S. taxpayer!
China’s 2nd Quarter growth is the slowest it has been in more than 27 years. The United States Tariffs are having a major effect on companies wanting to leave China for non-tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. This is why China wants to make a deal...
We are doing great Economically as a Country, Number One, despite the Fed’s antiquated policy on rates and tightening. Much room to grow!
... and the many terrible things they say about the United States must not be allowed to go unchallenged. If the Democrat Party wants to continue to condone such disgraceful behavior, then we look even more forward to seeing you at the ballot box in 2020!
So sad to see the Democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our Country and who, in addition, hate Israel with a true and unbridled passion. Whenever confronted, they call their adversaries, including Nancy Pelosi, “RACIST.” Their disgusting language...
Think what it would be without the 3 year Witch Hunt and Fake News Media, in partnership with the Democrats!

... Sorry, can’t let them into our Country. If too crowded, tell them not to come to USA, and tell the Dems to fix the Loopholes - Problem Solved!
Friday’s tour showed vividly, to politicians and the media, how well run and clean the children’s detention centers are. Great reviews! Failing story was FAKE! The adult single men areas were clean but crowded - also loaded up with a big percentage of criminals...
RT: This is what the ' new conservative movement ' looks like #FoxBusiness
RT: I love President Trump!! #Trump2020Landslide
RT: Thank you for loving America.
RT: great video
RT: 👏 🏻 👏 🏻 👏 🏻 👏 🏻 👏 🏻 I am so thankful you saw the light!!!
RT: Preach it brother Brandon!!
RT: That was powerful thank you!
RT: Great job Sir. Keep the fires burning. The TRUTH WILL win out!
RT: Great job Brandon 👍 🏻 ❤ ️
RT: At some point the light bulb comes on. I hope there are more Brandon's out there.
RT: This film is AMAZING! You’ve got tremendous courage!
RT: You are an inspiration. I applaud your courage.
RT: You nailed it! Thanks, Brandon Straka!
RT: Bravo Brandon
RT: Love this! You're awesome
RT: Frm Zimbabwe I stand with Pres Trump, so sick of CNN pundits, haters
RT: Amen! You got it right Brandon! 🙏 🏻 🇺 🇸
RT: Thanks Brandon! Keep it coming!
RT: Wow! Somebody is actually doing Something about this! Bravo! Brandon is a true patriot!
Thank you, so nice, but we are getting it done anyway!
RT: “ In January of 2017, I bitterly proclaimed on social media that I would never be able to understand how anybody could vote …
RT: Thank you to for your incredible acknowledgment & support of #WalkAway back in October. #WalkAway turns 1 …
RT: Proof it’s all about emotion to liberals! I ’ m not a small guy, and she was afraid of my hat! Are You …
So interesting to see “Progressive” Democrat Congresswomen, who originally came from countries whose governments are a complete and total catastrophe, the worst, most corrupt and inept anywhere in the world ( if they even have a functioning government at all ), now loudly...
... and viciously telling the people of the United States, the greatest and most powerful Nation on earth, how our government is to be run. Why don’t they go back and help fix the totally broken and crime infested places from which they came. Then come back and show us how...
... it is done. These places need your help badly, you can’t leave fast enough. I ’ m sure that Nancy Pelosi would be very happy to quickly work out free travel arrangements!
A big risk of major flooding in large parts of Louisiana and all across the Gulf Coast. Please be very careful!
94 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party, an all time high. Ronald Reagan was 87 %. Thank you!
House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy is a far superior leader than was Lame Duck Speaker Paul Ryan. Tougher, smarter and a far better fundraiser, Kevin is already closing in on 44 Million Dollars. Paul’s final year numbers were, according to Breitbart, “abysmal.” People like...
... Paul Ryan almost killed the Republican Party. Weak, ineffective & stupid are not exactly the qualities that Republicans, or the CITIZENS of our Country, were looking for. Right now our spirit is at an all time high, far better than the Radical Left Dems. You’ll see next year!
RT: Joe Biden was caught on camera saying: " We need family separation. " VIDEO:
RT: #Barry will slowly move inland today and continue to produce the following hazards... - Life-threatening storm surge to coastal ar …
This is one of the most horrible abuses of all. Those texts between gaga lovers would have told the whole story. Illegal deletion by Mueller. They gave us “the insurance policy.”
RT: JW 60 Seconds: John Hackett, former Director of IPS, which handles records management at the State Dept, testified that …
RT: Judicial Watch's latest press release on CA cleaning up 1.5 M names on the voter rolls is a step towards cleaner election …
RT:. in: “ The Dems recognize there are issues w / Mueller's testimony. They're trying to protect themselve …
RT:.: “ The dossier, used by Mueller to target, should have been investigated by #Mueller if he w …
RT:.: “ We are all supposed to pretend that Mueller’s investigation was legit & it was part of an effort to remove …
RT:: Why Didn't Mueller Investigate Clinton Campaign Getting Anti-Trump Dirt from Russians?
RT: Hillary Clinton is not above the law, yet she has a record of contempt for the rule of law. Our leaders are bound by the …
RT:.: “ The president should direct the DOJ to re-open the Clinton investigation to reassure Americans that there …
RT: JW announced that it filed a FOIA lawsuit against the DOJ for records of communications between the FBI & former FBI Dep …
RT:. ' s breaking news on #Clintonemailscandal: " New testimony shows Obama State Dept hid Clinton emails & then let …
Andy McCabe is a major sleazebag. Among many other things, he took massive amounts of money from Crooked Hillary reps, for wife’s campaign, while Hillary was under “investigation” by FBI!
RT: BREAKING: John Hackett, former Director of IPS, which handles records management at the State Dept, testified that he ra …
RT: It’s a fact: The Trump administration, hand-in-hand with the Senate has punched back hard at Russian election interferenc …
RT: Increased agency coordination. Millions of dollars in direct aid to state election officials. Updating election systems. …
RT: At Mitch McConnell's request the Trump Administration will aid #Kentucky in the War on #AsianCarp by dedi …
RT: Former Obama Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson warned that decriminalization would attract hundreds of thousands of new …
RT: My latest OpEd read and RT 🇺 🇸 Donald Trump will win the Democratic Party civil war | TheHill
RT: Does anyone else remember when Democrats used to oppose illegal immigration?
RT: Rick Perry: Now that Ross Perot is gone, I can tell this story | Commentary | Dallas News
RT:. is right: we can’t just hope Big Tech will behave better. We have to hold them accountable
RT: Federal, state, and local law enforcement must work together to enforce our laws and protect our communities. I applaud …
RT: CNN is so dishonest. Today we took reporters to a detention facility on the border for families and children and all told us they w …
RT: ignoring the excellent care being provided to families and children. Our great agents deserve better and the American people d …
RT: Thank you to for the invite to the White House Social Media Summit. I enjoyed my time and am grateful f …
RT: Three of the most spectacular golf courses in the world ⛳ Tune into next week during to catch …
Just returned to the beautiful after a great day in Wisconsin and Ohio!
RT: Rep. let’s loose on all of the elected Democrats in Congress who’ve denied there’s a crisis at the border an …
RT: Great to have UNITY in Pennsylvania! We are excited to get to work with Chairman Lawrence Tabas and Pennsyl …
RT: #WGDP is proud to work w / to advance women’s economic empowerment. Thank you for your commitment to …
RT:. is right. For months, Democrats claimed there wasn't even a crisis on the border! They sure have changed …
Leaving the Great State of Ohio!
The DOW, S & P 500, and NASDAQ all close the week at a new record high!
RT: In 2016 Wisconsin came up big for. With him visiting us again today, let's show him how much support …
RT: Earlier this year President declared the border crisis a national emergency and today Mexico is doing more to secu …
RT: Toured the Donna Processing Center with and saw firsthand how even in the face of our overwhelmed facilities, is p …
Tennessee loving Bill Hagerty, who was my Tennessee Victoy Chair and is now the very outstanding Ambassador to Japan, will be running for the U. S. Senate. He is strong on crime, borders & our 2nd A. Loves our Military & our Vets. Has my Complete & Total Endorsement!
I am thrilled to be back in the Great State of Wisconsin with the extraordinary men & women of Derco Aerospace! We are here today to celebrate the triumphant return of American Manufacturing, and everything we are doing to keep the assembly lines rolling...
RT: As hazardous conditions arrive along the Gulf Coast today with #Barry, get information on local weather and impacts from …
We have a GREAT TEAM in Pennsylvania! I ’ m proud to say that our good friends Lawrence Tabas & Bernadette “Bernie” Comfort will now be working together to run the. Lawrence will be Chairman & Bernie will Chair my Pennsylvania Campaign. We must have, & do, great UNITY in PA!
... Alex was a great Secretary of Labor and his service is truly appreciated. He will be replaced on an acting basis by Pat Pizzella, the current Deputy Secretary.
Alex Acosta informed me this morning that he felt the constant drumbeat of press about a prosecution which took place under his watch more than 12 years ago was bad for the Administration, which he so strongly believes in, and he graciously tendered his resignation...
Wow, RATINGS HAVE CRASHED. LOST ALL CREDIBILITY!
RT: #ICYMI: We announced 14 NEW innovative activities in 22 countries impacting 100,000+ women along w / the private sector. …
RT: " Jordan calls on Democrats to address the crisis, rather than playing politics with the border "
Great job by Rush Limbaugh on!
... companies to come to the USA and to get companies that have left us for other lands to COME BACK HOME. We stupidly lost 30 % of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and fast. But very happy with the deal I made,...
... if Mexico produces ( which I think they will ). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar, except they devalue currency & subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25 % Tariffs. So far, little effect to consumers. Companies will relocate to U. S.
When you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years ( to a level that is not to be believed ), Tariffs are a great negotiating tool, a great revenue producer and, most importantly, a powerful way to get...
Wins Big, No Contest!
The Great Rush Limbaugh will be on at 8: 30 A. M. Enjoy!
RT: President ' s #SocialMediaSummit was a very important event. Conservatives will NOT be silenced, and American …
RT: Just came from the White House Social Media Summit where I had chance to stand alongside and talk about why …
RT: What's it like being a film whose social media platforms were totally shut down because owners didn't like the implicat …
RT:. highlighting Big Tech censorship of conservatives at the White House Social Media Summit.
RT: Grateful to attend today’s #SocialMediaSummit with 250 other digital leaders, members of Congress & Cabinet secretaries wh …
RT: Amazing meeting guys. Up close and personal with the President. Such a down to earth nice guy. Internet as been dicey in h …
RT:.: He's not controversial, he's truthful. He's truthful.
RT: Big Tech CEOs have testified before Congress that their social platforms don’t discriminate based on “ political viewpoin …
Thank you Lara and Jessie Jane!
RT: 🤳 iPhones fully charged ( ✅ ) at the #SocialMediaSummit 🇺 🇸
RT: #FakeNewsCNN mired in a credibility crisis as ratings continue to collapse #BoycottCNN #BoycottCNN #FakeNewsCNN #WakeUpA …
RT: " I'm hereby ordering every department and agency in the Federal Government, to provide the Department of Commerce with all …
RT: These protests are not spontaneous, they're pre manufactured by OFA. Watch Sperry w / #Charlottesville
RT: #SocialMediaSummit
RT: Democrats on the House Oversight Committee tweeted a photo of children in cages in an attempt politicize the border crisi …
RT: There are no moderates left in the Democrat party. It's liberals vs. socialists now... and the socialists are winning. How …
RT: After Dems denied the #BorderCrisis for months, Nadler today claims there's " child abuse " & " negligent homicide & syste …
Interesting!
RT: #PromisesKept
RT: Don’t worry the media will cover for them as always.
RT: Trade with Canada and Mexico supports more than 12 million American jobs in every state in the Union. In fact, 49 U. S. state …
RT: “We have a technology infused economy. We need a trade deal that represents that,” - Lt. Governor encouraging q …
RT: USMCA passage is critical to manufacturers in America. will continue to work with Congress and the …
Thank you!
... He had the Majority & blew it away with his poor leadership and bad timing. Never knew how to go after the Dems like they go after us. Couldn’t get him out of Congress fast enough!
Paul Ryan, the failed V. P. candidate & former Speaker of the House, whose record of achievement was atrocious ( except during my first two years as President ), ultimately became a long running lame duck failure, leaving his Party in the lurch both as a fundraiser & leader...
... When Mitt chose Paul I told people that’s the end of that Presidential run. He quit Congress because he didn’t know how to Win. They gave me standing O’s in the Great State of Wisconsin, & booed him off the stage. He promised me the Wall, & failed ( happening anyway! )...
Do you believe this kind of bravery? Amazing drug seizure. WATCH!
RT: Earlier today, the welcomed back CGC Munro from patrol as they offloaded $ 569 million of cocaine in San Diego. If you misse …
RT: Thank you to and all who came out yesterday to our Nation's Capital #IndependenceDay celebration. Happy 243rd Birthday Ame …
#SocialMediaSummit
Each of you is fulfilling a vital role in our nation – you are challenging the media gatekeepers and the corporate censors to bring the facts straight to the American People. Together, you reach more people than any television broadcast, BY FAR! #SocialMediaSummit
... Similarly, Facebook Libra’s “virtual currency” will have little standing or dependability. If Facebook and other companies want to become a bank, they must seek a new Banking Charter and become subject to all Banking Regulations, just like other Banks, both National...
... and International. We have only one real currency in the USA, and it is stronger than ever, both dependable and reliable. It is by far the most dominant currency anywhere in the World, and it will always stay that way. It is called the United States Dollar!
I am not a fan of Bitcoin and other Cryptocurrencies, which are not money, and whose value is highly volatile and based on thin air. Unregulated Crypto Assets can facilitate unlawful behavior, including drug trade and other illegal activity...
To everyone on the Gulf Coast: As you make preparations to protect your homes & loved ones from flooding & the coming storm, it is imperative that you heed the directions of, State & Local Officials. We are working closely w / them. Please be prepared, be careful, & be SAFE!
Today, I am directing my Administration to explore all regulatory and legislative solutions to protect the free speech rights of ALL AMERICANS. We hope to see more transparency, more accountability, and more FREEDOM! #SocialMediaSummit
... years, or maybe 10 or 14 ( just kidding ), they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility, or approval, from the public. That’s why they will all be Endorsing me at some point, one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden, or Alfred E. Newman...
... or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas ( 1/1024 th ), as your President, rather than what you have now, so great looking and smart, a true Stable Genius! Sorry to say that even Social Media would be driven out of business along with, and finally, the Fake News Media!
A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty, bias, discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there, but for a limited period..
... The Fake News is not as important, or as powerful, as Social Media. They have lost tremendous credibility since that day in November, 2016, that I came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future First Lady. When I ultimately leave office in six...
So happy that I was able to keep Sikorsky Helicopter in the Great State of Pennsylvania. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Dow just hit 27,000 for first time EVER!
“It seems that the Brits and the French and the Germans are coming around to the idea that the Iranians are up to no good!”
Mexico is doing great at the Border, but China is letting us down in that they have not been buying the agricultural products from our great Farmers that they said they would. Hopefully they will start soon!
Will be a big and exciting day at the White House for Social Media!
Now the Democrats have asked to see 12 more people who have already spent hours with Robert Mueller, and spent a fortune on lawyers in so doing. How many bites at the apple do they get before working on Border Loopholes and Asylum. They also want to interview the highly...
... conflicted and compromised Mueller again. He said he was “done” after his last 9 minute speech, and that he had nothing more to say outside of the No Collusion, No Obstruction, Report. Enough already, go back to work! I won, unanimously, the big Emoluments case yesterday!
Democrats had to quickly take down a tweet called “Kids In Cages, Inhumane Treatment at the Border,” because the horrible picture used was from the Obama years. Very embarrassing!
... And remember, a bank that I did use years ago, the now badly written about and maligned Deutsche Bank, was then one of the largest and most prestigious banks in the world! They wanted my business, and so did many others!
The Fake News Media loves the narrative that I didn’t use many banks because the banks didn’t like me. No, I didn’t use many banks because I didn’t ( don’t ) need their money ( old fashioned, isn’t it? ). If I did, it would have been very easy for me to get.
Robert Johnson, B. E. T. “ I give the President a lot of credit for moving the Economy in a positive direction that’s benefiting a large number of Americans. I think the Tax Cuts clearly helped stimulate the Economy. Overall, if you look at the U. S. Economy, and you look at...
... the number of people who are no longer looking for jobs but who are now seeing the opportunity for job growth, you’ve got to give the President an A Plus for that. ” Thank you Robert, one of our great business leaders!
... months, the lowest since 1972. ” The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board, A Tale of Two Economies.
“ Nearly one million more blacks and two million more Hispanics are employed than when Barrack Obama left office, and minorities account for more than half of all new jobs created during the Trump Presidency. Unemployment among black women has hovered near 5 % for the last six...
The Pledge of Allegiance to our great Country, in St. Louis Park, Minnesota, is under siege. That is why I am going to win the Great State of Minnesota in the 2020 Election. People are sick and tired of this stupidity and disloyalty to our wonderful USA!
... The Fake News is not as important, or as powerful, as Social Media. They have lost tremendous credibility since that day in November, 2016, that I came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future First Lady. When I ultimately leave office in six...
... years, or maybe 10 or 14 ( just kidding ), they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility, or approval, from the public. That’s why they will all be Endorsing me at some point, one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden, or,..
... or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas ( 1000/24 th ), as your President, rather than what you have now, so great looking and smart, a true Stable Genius! Sorry to say that even Social Media would be driven out of business along with, and finally, the Fake News Media!
A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty, bias, discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there, but for a limited period..
The White House will be hosting a very big and very important Social Media Summit today. Would I have become President without Social Media? Yes ( probably )! At its conclusion, we will all go to the beautiful Rose Garden for a News Conference on the Census and Citizenship.
RT: God-willing / jihadi-failing I am going to be alive to see Trump in the White House Boris in Number 10 Netanyahu building …
THANK YOU BILL!
Thank you so much!
... Thank you to Lockheed Martin, one of the USA’s truly great companies!
I was just informed by Marillyn Hewson, CEO of Lockheed Martin, of her decision to keep the Sikorsky Helicopter Plant in Coatesville, Pennsylvania, open and humming! We are very proud of Pennsylvania and the people who work there...
Congratulations to of North Carolina ( #NC03 ) on his great primary victory for the United States Congress. Greg is tough on Crime, Borders, and loves our Second Amendment, our Military and our Vets. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Today, on this “USMCA Day of Action,” thousands of grassroots supporters are urging Congress to pass the great bipartisan USMCA. USMCA = more JOBS for American workers, more economic growth, and more OPPORTUNITY for our farmers, ranchers, and businesses. #USMCAnow
Thank you Robert Johnson!
My Administration is taking groundbreaking action to bring new hope to millions of Americans suffering from kidney disease. Today I signed an Executive Order, Advancing American Kidney Health...
Word just out that I won a big part of the Deep State and Democrat induced Witch Hunt. Unanimous decision in my favor from The United States Court of Appeals For The Fourth Circuit on the ridiculous Emoluments Case. I don’t make money, but lose a fortune for the honor of...
... serving and doing a great job as your President ( including accepting Zero salary! ).
RT:
Iran has long been secretly “enriching,” in total violation of the terrible 150 Billion Dollar deal made by John Kerry and the Obama Administration. Remember, that deal was to expire in a short number of years. Sanctions will soon be increased, substantially!
The Dems Witch Hunt continues!
RT: Reminder: not only are prominent Democrats calling to decriminalize border crossings — every single Democrat on the secon …
RT: Once again, CNN comes to the defense of rabid anti-Semite Ilhan Omar
... done a great job of reducing crime in the African American Community because more African Americans are at work today. Trump is not a Racist, he’s a Businessman. Because he’s a great businessman, he’s pushing for lives to be better. ” Michael Brown, CEO, Hydromatic Tech
“ Our company has grown, since Trump has taken control of the White House & the Presidency, in the sense that we have better opportunities now to do what we’ve been wanting to do for quite some time, and that is to create manufacturing jobs. I believe that President Trump has...
“FBI’s Christopher Steele ( FAKE ) Story Falls Apart: False Intel & Media Contacts Were Flagged Before FISA.” John Solomon, The Hill.
“The reality is that this was a plot from the very beginning to frame Trump...”

So now the Obama appointed judge on the Census case ( Are you a Citizen of the United States? ) won’t let the Justice Department use the lawyers that it wants to use. Could this be a first?
More and more the Radical Left is using Commerce to hurt their “Enemy.” They put out the name of a store, brand or company, and ask their so-called followers not to do business there. They don’t care who gets hurt, but also don’t understand that two can play that game!
A truly great, patriotic & charitable man, Bernie Marcus, the co-founder of Home Depot who, at the age of 90, is coming under attack by the Radical Left Democrats with one of their often used weapons. They don’t want people to shop at those GREAT stores because he contributed...
... to your favorite President, me! These people are vicious and totally crazed, but remember, there are far more great people ( “Deplorables” ) in this country, than bad. Do to them what they do to you. Fight for Bernie Marcus and Home Depot!
... Why would Kentucky ever think of giving up the most powerful position in Congress, the Senate Majority Leader, for a freshman Senator with little power in what will hopefully be the minority party. We need Mitch in the Senate to Keep America Great!!
Democrats are coming after our great Kentucky Senator, Mitch McConnell, with someone who compared my election to September 11th...
After a wonderful dinner at the last night with the Amir of Qatar, , it was my great honor to welcome him to the this afternoon!
RT: This was amazing news from over the weekend — 224,000 jobs created in June, blowing away expectations of 160,000 jobs! …
RT: Barr is absolutely right about the Mueller testimony being a public spectacle... that’s all it ever was. Democrats ' M …
Recent “strained ” decisions by the United States Supreme Court, some so simple as allowing the question, “ Are you a citizen of the United States” on our very expensive Census Report, or the even more strained decisions ( 2 ) allowing the world’s most expensive & pathetic...
... healthcare ( Obamacare ) to stay in place, when it would have been replaced by something far better, shows how incredibly important our upcoming 2020 Election is. I have long heard that the appointment of Supreme Court Justices is a President’s most important decision. SO TRUE!
India has long had a field day putting Tariffs on American products. No longer acceptable!
Food Stamp participation hits 10 year low. Wow!
“With President Trump at the helm, not only is America getting great again, but he’s going to make our estuaries, our rivers, our water - everything better - the things he is doing, and done, are just helping America tremendously.” Thank you to Bruce Hrobak
Outrage is growing in the Great State of Minnesota where our Patriots are now having to fight for the right to say the Pledge of Allegiance. I will be fighting with you!
“I agree with the President, the Supreme Court got it wrong. There should be a question about Citizenship on the Census. A. G. Barr sees a pathway to add the Citizenship Question.” Steve Doocy Working hard on something that should be so easy. People are fed up!
The wacky Ambassador that the U. K. foisted upon the United States is not someone we are thrilled with, a very stupid guy. He should speak to his country, and Prime Minister May, about their failed Brexit negotiation, and not be upset with my criticism of how badly it was...
... handled. I told how to do that deal, but she went her own foolish way-was unable to get it done. A disaster! I don’t know the Ambassador but have been told he is a pompous fool. Tell him the USA now has the best Economy & Military anywhere in the World, by far...
... and they are both only getting bigger, better and stronger... Thank you, Mr. President!
Very good numbers on the economy. Much potential for growth. Trade deals being negotiated or being set up for negotiation. We have been treated very unfairly ( to put it mildly ) by other countries for many years, but that is changing!
Spoke to Kevin McCarthy about the earthquakes in California and informed him that we will be working very closely on emergency funding. Also spoke to Governor - all working together!
I have been very critical about the way the U. K. and Prime Minister Theresa May handled Brexit. What a mess she and her representatives have created. I told her how it should be done, but she decided to go another way. I do not know the Ambassador, but he is not liked or well...
... thought of within the U. S. We will no longer deal with him. The good news for the wonderful United Kingdom is that they will soon have a new Prime Minister. While I thoroughly enjoyed the magnificent State Visit last month, it was the Queen who I was most impressed with!
Brilliant Constitutional Lawyer, Dr. John Eastman, said the Special Prosecutor ( Mueller ) should have NEVER been appointed in the first place. The entire exercise was fundamentally illegal. The Witch Hunt should never happen to another President of the U. S. again. A TOTAL SCAM!
Thank you Ari!
RT: HUGE.
RT: Full crowd shot. #July4thDC
RT: Magical.
A massive crowd that Fake News & some Dems didn’t want to Report!
RT: God Bless America 🇺 🇸
Cute!
Impossible to believe that has hired, the person fired by ( after they tried to hide the bad facts, & failed ) for giving Crooked Hillary Clinton the questions to a debate, something unimaginable. Now she is all over Fox, including Shep Smith, by far...
... their lowest rated show. Watch the weekend daytime anchors, who are terrible, go after her big time. That’s what they want - but it sure is not what the audience wants!
... Comcast ( NBC / MSNBC ) Trump haters, who do whatever Brian & Steve tell them to do. Like CNN, NBC is also way down in the ratings. But, who failed in getting the very BORING Dem debates, is now loading up with Democrats & even using Fake unsourced as...
... a “source” of information ( ask the Times what they paid for the Boston Globe, & what they sold it for ( lost 1.5 Billion Dollars ), or their old headquarters building disaster, or their unfunded liability? is changing fast, but they forgot the people who got them there!
Watching weekend anchors is worse than watching low ratings Fake News, or Lyin ’ Brian Williams ( remember when he totally fabricated a War Story trying to make himself into a hero, & got fired. A very dishonest journalist! ) and the crew of degenerate...
RT: The Democrats hate so much, they lied about “collusion, ” lied about a “ cover-up,” lied about the “ crisi …
We are building the Wall now, but the reason the badly needed Wall wasn’t approved in the Republican controlled House and Senate was that we had a very slim majority in the Senate, & needed 9 Democrat votes. They were totally unwilling to give Wall votes to us, want Open Borders!
... United States Citizens first. Border Patrol, and others in Law Enforcement, have been doing a great job. We said there was a Crisis - the Fake News & the Dems said it was “manufactured.” Now all agree we were right, but they always knew that. They are crowded ( which we...
... brought up, not them ) because the Dems won’t change the Loopholes and Asylum. Big Media Con Job!
The Fake News Media, in particular the Failing, is writing phony and exaggerated accounts of the Border Detention Centers. First of all, people should not be entering our Country illegally, only for us to then have to care for them. We should be allowed to focus on...
Congratulations to the U. S. Women’s Soccer Team on winning the World Cup! Great and exciting play. America is proud of you all!
RT: The 3 major U. S. stock indexes all closed with record highs Wednesday!
RT: Read more about the jobs numbers out today:
RT:
Last year was the first in 51 years where prescription drug prices actually went down, but things have been, and are being, put in place that will drive them down substantially. If Dems would work with us in a bipartisan fashion, we would get big results very fast!
Sleepy Joe Biden just admitted he worked with segregationists and separately, has already been very plain about the fact that he will be substantially raising everyone’s taxes if he becomes president. Ridiculously, all Democrats want to substantially raise taxes!
RT: America’s economy thrives when you cut taxes and get harmful Washington regulations out of the way. Republicans and …
RT:. continues to defy expectations & deliver results for American workers! Democrats need to explain to eve …
RT: Did Joe Biden forget about Obama’s Secretary of State Hillary Clinton offering a “reset” with Russia, undermining our nat …
RT: Joe Biden claims Russian election interference wouldn’t have happened on his watch or Obama’s watch. Seriously, Joe?? I …
Joe Biden is a reclamation project. Some things are just not salvageable. China and other countries that ripped us off for years are begging for him. He deserted our military, our law enforcement and our healthcare. Added more debt than all other Presidents combined. Won’t win!
RT: Today we lost a WV superstar and I lost a very close friend. Our families go back to the beginning of the Cline empire - Pi …
A wonderful man and great Republican!
Great Coach, Great Guy!
Jerry will be getting the Presidential Medal of Freedom, well deserved!
Democrats must change the Loophole & Asylum Laws - but they probably won’t! They want Open Borders, which means massive crime and drugs!
RT: Some Photos ( via B Tessler )
RT: #CBP officers seize $ 4.1 M in methamphetamine, cocaine at Laredo Port of Entry. Read more here and below.
RT: US is proud to be supporting Interim President Guaido & the democratically elected National Assembly, which is courageou …
RT:
Our Country is the envy of the World. Thank you, Mr. President!
... As well as we are doing from the day after the great Election, when the Market shot right up, it could have been even better - massive additional wealth would have been created, & used very well. Our most difficult problem is not our competitors, it is the Federal Reserve!
Strong jobs report, low inflation, and other countries around the world doing anything possible to take advantage of the United States, knowing that our Federal Reserve doesn’t have a clue! They raised rates too soon, too often, & tightened, while others did just the opposite...
My deepest sympathies go out to the family and friends of great businessman and energy expert Chris Cline, his wonderful daughter, Kameron, and their friends, on the tragic accident which took place in the Bahamas. The great people of West Virginia will never forget them!
RT: To be clear – the situation at the southern border is out of control because Congress won’t d …
Happy Birthday to our great United States!
“Record 157,005, 000 Employed; 19th Record of Trump Era”
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
RT:
RT: Amazing Trump address and only covered the full day on cable!
RT: Wow! Rousing great speech, great air show, great bands! The great pilots, the great timing of the speech with the fly-ov …
RT: Bruce Zoldon, Phil Grucci, Phantom Fireworks, and Fireworks by Grucci put on a TREMENDOUS display to cap off the Independ …
RT: Whenever you are in the Pensacola Florida area, go see the famous Blues; they will make you so proud ~
RT: Spectacular ~
RT: Thank you, Mr. President. for a stupendous Independence Day tribute to our great nation, and to all who have donned ou …
RT: Incredible to see all in attendance to hear our speak & celebrate our great nation’s Independence Day! 🇺 🇸
Tammy is a great person!
Thanks Ari!
Thank you Marc!
RT: Good examples of corporate media failure here. " 8 Times The Media Said There Was No Crisis At The Southern Border "
RT: WATCH our first sneak peak of " Justice on Trial: The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court " by …
RT: Oh. That's different. From: ' Harris says busing should be considered, not mandated. '
RT: STUNNING: Fireworks filled the sky above the National Mall in Washington, D. C. on Independence Day. 🎆
RT: Trump’s expansion of health reimbursement accounts is good news for workers. via
RT: Attention Nike: The flag Colin Kaepernick told you was unacceptable on your shoes was displayed rather prominently at Barack …

RT: When Biden landed in Iowa this week, a new poll from A Focus on Rural America showed his support among Democrats in the sta …
RT: " It'd be hard for the Democrats to say, ' well, we started an investigation we shouldn't have and continued it by breaking t …
RT: A great crowd of tremendous Patriots this evening, all the way back to the Washington Monument! #SaluteToAmerica 🇺 🇸 htt …
RT: #SaluteToAmerica 🇺 🇸 #July4th
RT: Air Force One flies over the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool at the start of President Trump’s Fourth of July cel …
RT: It is time to end the crisis at our border. And the only way we will end this crisis is for Congress to stop the political …
RT: Communists BURN American flag near the White House on Independence Day.
RT: Rain? who cares. This is what it really looked like.
RT: What a great celebration. I ’ m in tears and proud. Being a Navy Brat, I ’ m honestly overwhelmed with gratitude and pride. Th …
RT: RT if you are THANKFUL to have as President this beautiful Independence Day!
RT: Despite the left’s best attempts at destroying a salute to America, the place is PACKED! God bless and …
RT: Tonight is a perfect example where the critics of criticize him and underestimate him. I have chills …
RT: The #SaluteToAmerica was awesome. Thanks to for covering it, the program and flyovers were great. …
RT: Epic. #America #TrumpSpeech
A great crowd of tremendous Patriots this evening, all the way back to the Washington Monument! #SaluteToAmerica 🇺 🇸
#SaluteToAmerica 🇺 🇸 #July4th
Weather looking good, clearing rapidly and temperatures going down fast. See you in 45 minutes, 6:30 to 7:00 P. M. at Lincoln Memorial!
Been fully briefed on earthquake in Southern California. All seems to be very much under control!
Looks like a lot of people already heading to SALUTE TO AMERICA at Lincoln Memorial. It will be well worth the trip and wait. See you there at 6:00 P. M. Amazing music and bands. Thank you ARMY!
Great news for the Republican Party as one of the dumbest & most disloyal men in Congress is “quitting” the Party. No Collusion, No Obstruction! Knew he couldn’t get the nomination to run again in the Great State of Michigan. Already being challenged for his seat. A total loser!
RT: What I have seen from the last two nights isn't America. These candidates are disgraceful. All I saw was pandering. …
RT: You cannot be a victim and a victor at the same time. You can either choose to win or accept your status as a loser. …
People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country, SALUTE TO AMERICA, an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial, culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern...
... and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Air Force One will do a low & loud sprint over the crowd. That will start at 6:00 P. M., but be there early. Then, at 9:00 P. M., a great ( to put it mildly ) fireworks display. I will speak on behalf of our great Country!
People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country, SALUTE TO AMERICA, an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial, culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern...
... and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Aircraft One will do a low & loud sprint over the crowd. That will start at 6:00 P. M., but be there early. Then, at 9:00 P. M., a great ( to put it mildly ) fireworks display. I will speak on behalf of our great Country!
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!
So important for our Country that the very simple and basic “Are you a Citizen of the United States?” question be allowed to be asked in the 2020 Census. Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice are working very hard on this, even on the 4th of July!
Today’s Stock Market is the highest in the history of our great Country! This is the 104th time since the Election of 2016 that we have reached a NEW HIGH. Congratulations USA!
Iran has just issued a New Warning. Rouhani says that they will Enrich Uranium to “any amount we want” if there is no new Nuclear Deal. Be careful with the threats, Iran. They can come back to bite you like nobody has been bitten before!
Mexico is doing a far better job than the Democrats on the Border. Thank you Mexico!
If Illegal Immigrants are unhappy with the conditions in the quickly built or refitted detentions centers, just tell them not to come. All problems solved!
... Now, if you really want to fix the Crisis at the Southern Border, both humanitarian and otherwise, tell migrants not to come into our country unless they are willing to do so legally, and hopefully through a system based on Merit. This way we have no problems at all!
Our Border Patrol people are not hospital workers, doctors or nurses. The Democrats bad Immigration Laws, which could be easily fixed, are the problem. Great job by Border Patrol, above and beyond. Many of these illegals aliens are living far better now than where they...
... came from, and in far safer conditions. No matter how good things actually look, even if perfect, the Democrat visitors will act shocked & aghast at how terrible things are. Just Pols. If they really want to fix them, change the Immigration Laws and Loopholes. So easy to do!
The News Reports about the Department of Commerce dropping its quest to put the Citizenship Question on the Census is incorrect or, to state it differently, FAKE! We are absolutely moving forward, as we must, because of the importance of the answer to this question.
Congratulations to Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher, his wonderful wife Andrea, and his entire family. You have been through much together. Glad I could help!
The cost of our great Salute to America tomorrow will be very little compared to what it is worth. We own the planes, we have the pilots, the airport is right next door ( Andrews ), all we need is the fuel. We own the tanks and all. Fireworks are donated by two of the greats. Nice!
China and Europe playing big currency manipulation game and pumping money into their system in order to compete with USA. We should MATCH, or continue being the dummies who sit back and politely watch as other countries continue to play their games - as they have for many years!
S & P 500 hits new record high. Up 19 % for the year. Congratulations!
We have the greatest economy anywhere in the world. We have the greatest military anywhere in the world. Not bad!
Our July 4th Salute to America at the Lincoln Memorial is looking to be really big. It will be the show of a lifetime!
Iran was violating the 150 Billion Dollar ( plus 1.8 Billion Dollar in CASH ) Nuclear Deal with the United States, and others who paid NOTHING, long before I became President - and they have now breached their stockpile limit. Not good!
A very sad time for America when the Supreme Court of the United States won’t allow a question of “Is this person a Citizen of the United States?” to be asked on the #2020 Census! Going on for a long time. I have asked the Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice...
... to do whatever is necessary to bring this most vital of questions, and this very important case, to a successful conclusion. USA! USA! USA!
Thanks!
More great information from the for Thursday’s Fourth of July Celebration here in Washington, D. C. #SaluteToAmerica 🇺 🇸

I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton, Ph. D., U. S. Executive Dir, European Bank of Reconstruction & Development to be on the board of the Federal Reserve...
... Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton, Ph. D., U. S. Executive Dir, European Bank of Reconstruction & Development. Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Christopher Waller, Ph. D., Executive VP and Director of Research, Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, Missouri, to be on the board of the Federal Reserve...
... Prior to his current position, Christopher served as a professor and Chair of Economics at Notre Dame.
Thanks to “Phantom Fireworks” and “ Fireworks by Grucci " for their generosity in donating the biggest fireworks show Washington D. C. has ever seen. CEO's Bruce Zoldan and Phil Grucci are helping to make this the greatest 4th of July celebration in our Nations history!
RT: Thank you Prime Minster Abe for inviting me to address heads of State on the economic + national security imperative of ec …

Robert Mueller is being asked to testify yet again. He said he could only stick to the Report, & that is what he would and must do. After so much testimony & total transparency, this Witch Hunt must now end. No more Do Overs. No Collusion, No Obstruction. The Great Hoax is dead!
Big 4th of July in D. C. “Salute to America.” The Pentagon & our great Military Leaders are thrilled to be doing this & showing to the American people, among other things, the strongest and most advanced Military anywhere in the World. Incredible Flyovers & biggest ever Fireworks!
The Economy is the BEST IT HAS EVER BEEN! Even much of the Fake News is giving me credit for that!
As most people are aware, according to the Polls, I won EVERY debate, including the three with Crooked Hillary Clinton, despite the fact that in the first debate, they modulated the sound on me, and got caught. This crew looks somewhat easier than Crooked, but you never know?
People are fleeing New York like never before. If they own a business, they are twice as likely to flee. And if they are a victim of harassment by the A. G. of the state, like what they are doing to our great NRA, which I think will move quickly to Texas, where they are loved...
... Texas will defend them & indemnify them against political harassment by New York State and Governor Cuomo. So many people are leaving New York for Texas and Florida that it is totally under siege. First New York taxes you too high, then they sue you, just to complete the job
Mark Levin has written a big number one bestselling book called, conspicuously and accurately, “Unfreedom of the Press.” It is a great book that tells it like it is, fake news and all. Keep this book number one!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 8: 00pm on!
... In the meantime, our teams will be meeting to work on some solutions to very long term and persistent problems. No rush, but I am sure we will ultimately get there!
It was great being with Chairman Kim Jong Un of North Korea this weekend. We had a great meeting, he looked really well and very healthy - I look forward to seeing him again soon...
I am excited to announce that will soon be joining our Campaign. She feels so strongly about our Country & its future. We are setting records in so many ways, & we will keep it going. Mercedes has done a fantastic job within the Administration & I am so thankful!
That’s right, The Trump Foundation gave away 100 % plus, with Zero rent or expenses charged, and has been being sued by Cuomo and New York State for years - another part of the political Witch Hunt. Just in case anyone is interested - Clinton Foundation never even looked at!
... New York businesses in search of anything at all they can find to make me look as bad as possible. So, on top of ridiculously high taxes, my children and companies are spending a fortune on lawyers. No wonder people and businesses are fleeing New York in record numbers!
It is very hard and expensive to live in New York. Governor Andrew Cuomo uses his Attorney General as a bludgeoning tool for his own purposes. They sue on everything, always in search of a crime. I even got sued on a Foundation which took Zero rent & expenses & gave away...
... more money than it had. Going on for years, originally brought by Crooked Hillary’s Campaign Chair, A. G. Eric Schneiderman, until forced to resign for abuse against women. They never even looked at the disgusting Clinton Foundation. Now Cuomo’s A. G. is harassing all of my...
... why President Trump has to deal with North Korea the way it is now. He had to figure out what to do with the Korea mess. I think this is why the President deserves a lot of credit. ” Harry Kazianis, Center for the National Interest. Thank you!
“ In my opinion the President has done more good on the Korean issue in the last year and a half than President Obama did in eight years. If you look at the strides they made during the Obama years, which advocated strategic patience-they stuck their head in the sand. This is...

Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan for hosting such a fantastic and well run G - 20. There wasn’t a thing that was missing or a mistake that was made. PERFECT! The people of Japan must be very proud of their Prime Minister.
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for hosting the American Delegation and me immediately following the very successful G - 20 in Japan. While there, it was great to call on Chairman Kim of North Korea to have our very well covered meeting. Good things can happen for all!
Congratulations to legislators in New Jersey for not passing taxes that would have driven large numbers of high end taxpayers out of the state. Many were planning to leave, & will now be staying. New York & others should start changing their thought process on taxes, fast!
“Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997” Our Country is doing great!
“Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997” Our Country is doing great!
“Stock had the Best First Half since 1997.” Our Country is doing great - the talk of the world!
So many amazing things happened over the last three days. All, or at least most of those things, are great for the United States. Much was accomplished!

Leaving South Korea after a wonderful meeting with Chairman Kim Jong Un. Stood on the soil of North Korea, an important statement for all, and a great honor!
RT: 오울렛 초소에서 브리핑을 받고 북측을 바라보며 대화하는 한. 미 정상의 모습. 오울렛 초소는 한국전쟁 …
The leaders of virtually every country that I met at the G - 20 congratulated me on our great economy. Many countries are having difficulties on that score. We have the best economy anywhere in the world, with GREAT & UNLIMITED potential looking into the future!
The highly respected Farm Journal has just announced my Approval Rating with our great Farmers at 74 %, and that despite all of the Fake & Corrupt News that they are forced to endure. Farmers have been unfairly treated for many years - and that is turning around FAST!
I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have “toasted” our new Trade Deal, a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with, and speak to, our Troops - and also go to the the DMZ ( long planned ). My meeting with President Moon went very well!
... again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed. I am in no hurry, but things look very good! There will be no reduction in the Tariffs currently being charged to China.
... amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies, and President Xi, I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our National Security. Importantly, we have opened up negotiations...
I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday, far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that, during the negotiation, they will begin purchasing large...
I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have “toasted” our new Trade Deal, a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with, and speak to, our Troops - and also go the the DMZ ( long planned ). My meeting with President Moon went very well!
... again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed. I am in no hurry, but things look very good! Their will be no reduction in the Tariffs currently being charged to China.
... amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies, and President Xi, I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our National Security. Importantly, we have opened up negotiations...
I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday, far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that, during the negotiation, they will begin purchasing large...
Thank you #G20OsakaSummit
After some very important meetings, including my meeting with President Xi of China, I will be leaving Japan for South Korea ( with President Moon ). While there, if Chairman Kim of North Korea sees this, I would meet him at the Border / DMZ just to shake his hand and say Hello (? )!
54 % in Poll! I would be at 75 % ( with our great economy, maybe the best ever ) if not for the Phony Witch Hunt and the Fake News Media!
I am in Japan at the G - 20, representing our Country well, but I heard it was not a good day for Sleepy Joe or Crazy Bernie. One is exhausted, the other is nuts - so what’s the big deal?
The Stock Market went up massively from the day after I won the Election, all the way up to the day that I took office, because of the enthusiasm for the fact that I was going to be President. That big Stock Market increase must be credited to me. If Hillary won - a Big Crash!
All Democrats just raised their hands for giving millions of illegal aliens unlimited healthcare. How about taking care of American Citizens first!? That’s the end of that race!
Great to be back in Japan for the #G20OsakaSummit
Bipartisan Humanitarian Aid Bill for the Southern Border just passed. A great job done by all! Now we must work to get rid of the Loopholes and fix Asylum. Thank you also to Mexico for the work being done on helping with Illegal Immigration - a very big difference!
Seems totally ridiculous that our government, and indeed Country, cannot ask a basic question of Citizenship in a very expensive, detailed and important Census, in this case for 2020. I have asked the lawyers if they can delay the Census, no matter how long, until the...
... United States Supreme Court is given additional information from which it can make a final and decisive decision on this very critical matter. Can anyone really believe that as a great Country, we are not able the ask whether or not someone is a Citizen. Only in America!
Thank you! #G20Summit
Thank you, real professionals!
I look forward to speaking with Prime Minister Modi about the fact that India, for years having put very high Tariffs against the United States, just recently increased the Tariffs even further. This is unacceptable and the Tariffs must be withdrawn!

Just stopped in Alaska and said hello to our GREAT troops!
. and should be ashamed of themselves for having such a horrible technical breakdown in the middle of the debate. Truly unprofessional and only worthy of a FAKE NEWS Organization, which they are!
BORING!
These flyers depict Australia’s policy on Illegal Immigration. Much can be learned!
.: “What now, for those who denied a ' crisis ' at the border?”
... They came to me asking for help, and I got Criminal Justice Reform passed, with help from both Republicans and Democrats. Many said that nobody but President Trump could have done this. All previous administrations failed. Please ask why THEY failed to the candidates!
Ever since the passage of the Super Predator Crime Bill, pushed hard by, together with Bill and Crooked Hillary Clinton, which inflicted great pain on many, but especially the African American Community, Democrats have tried and failed to pass Criminal Justice Reform...
For tonight’s #DemDebate, be sure to follow, ,, ,, and for RAPID RESPONSE, FACT CHECKING, and the TRUTH! #MAGA #KAG Sorry, I ’ m on Air Force One, off to save the Free World!
... and all of the others who have leaked, lied and did so many other terrible things? How is it even possible that these people are not being brought forward? Because it is a Rigged Democrat Con Game, and the Fake and Corrupt Media loves every minute of it!
Why aren’t the Democrats in the House calling Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Page and her FBI lover ( whose invaluable phone records were illegally deleted ), Crooked Hillary, Podesta, Ohr ( and Nellie ), the GPS Fusion characters, Christopher Steele, the DNC ( & their missing server )...
The Republican Senate just passed bipartisan humanitarian assistance for our Southern Border, 84-8! In addition to aid, Congress must close the catastrophic loopholes that are driving the Crisis. We must end incentives for Smuggling Children, Trafficking Women, and Selling Drugs.
... No Collusion, No Obstruction! Robert Mueller said he was done after his last 9 minute news conference, as later corrected. Now the Dems want to give it another try. Does it ever end?
According to Fake News ( and low ratings ), “Democrats say hearings could change impeachment debate.” That’s because they have lost the impeachment debate (8 0 % say NO ), and they are hoping that yet another DO OVER, after 2 1/2 years and $ 40,000, 000, will turn things around...
“I have been in office for many years, the Military is very important to me, and at no time in my professional life has the U. S. Military been as strong as it is right now.” Thank you

The Democrats would save many lives if they would change our broken and very DANGEROUS Immigration Laws. It can be done instantly!
Just departed for the #G20 Summit in Osaka, Japan! 🇺 🇸 🇯 🇵
The Democrats should change the Loopholes and Asylum Laws so lives will be saved at our Southern Border. They said it was not a crisis at the Border, that it was all just “manufactured.” Now they admit that I was right - But they must do something about it. Fix the Laws NOW!
It was my great honor to speak at the Faith & Freedom Coalition Conference today in Washington, D. C. Thank you! #RTM2019
... in our Country’s history, and the poverty index is also best number EVER ), leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team, and Women’s Soccer, but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We haven’t yet...
... invited Megan or the team, but I am now inviting the TEAM, win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country, the White House, or our Flag, especially since so much has been done for her & the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!
Women’s soccer player, , just stated that she is “not going to the F... ing White House if we win.” Other than the NBA, which now refuses to call owners, owners ( please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed, Black unemployment is at the lowest level...
... invited Megan or the team, but I am now inviting the TEAM, win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country, the White House, or our Flag, especially since so much has been done for her & the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!
Women’s soccer player, , just stated that she is “not going to the F... ing White House if we win.” Other than the NBA, which now refuses to call owners, owners ( please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed, Black unemployment is at the lowest level...
... in our Country’s history, and the poverty index is also best number EVER ), leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team, and Women’s Soccer, but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We haven’t yet...
Democrats want Open Borders, which equals violent crime, drugs and human trafficking. They also want very high taxes, like 90 %. Republicans want what’s good for America - the exact opposite!
I will be interviewed by today at 8: 15 A. M. on. Enjoy!
Too bad the Dems in Congress won’t do anything at all about Border Security. They want Open Borders, which means crime. But we are getting it done, including building the Wall! More people than ever before are coming because the USA Economy is so good, the best in history.
RT: Jared Kushner speaks at U. S. Mideast peace plan conference in Bahrain: " For a moment, imagine a new reality in the Middle East. " h …
RT: Looking forward to collaborating with all of our #BeBest Ambassadors. Delighted to be working alongside so many people both ins …
RT: Stock Market is heading for one of the best months ( June ) in the history of our Country. Thank you Mr. President!
RT: Headed to Texas today to discuss #apprenticeship expansion, #PledgetoAmericasWorkers, and the #USMCA. Texas has added …
RT: Proud to stand with 27 other governors in calling for Congress to ratify #USMCA. It updates our nation’s trade agreements wi …
RT: Tomorrow’s hearing on the “Hatch Act” is just the latest attempt to silence the Trump administration. is a …
RT: What Americans hear tomorrow night will only confirm that Mexico has done more in the last 10 DAYS to secure the southern b …
RT: #BREAKING: Melania Trump's senior aide to replace Sarah Sanders – Stephanie Grisham will be press secretary AND communicat …
RT: Great choice choosing as your!!
RT: Great keynoting the Senate’s weekly policy lunch and discussing workforce development policy, Higher Ed Act reauthorizatio …
RT: I hope everyone reads and watches this video to see the corruption of big tech. ⁦ ⁩ should be absolutely ashamed. Un …
RT: America needs 4 more years of prosperity, 4 more years of security, and 4 MORE YEARS of President! #KeepAm …
RT:. will be an incredible asset to the President and the country. I ’ m sad to leave the WH, but so happy our team …
RT: Staff Sgt. David Bellavia - today, we honor your extraordinary courage, we salute your selfless service, and we thank …
RT: Latino Americans know that it was freedom, not socialism, that gave us the most prosperous and powerful nation in the histo …
RT: Tomorrow exclusive join us as ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩ joins me #LIVE ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁦ ⁩ 8am et
Wow, did great in the ratings. CNN is dead as a door nail ( no credibility ), and MSNBC is dying fast. and are doing great!
RT: A Judicial Watch lawsuit forced the state of California to begin removing more than 1.5 million potentially invalid name …
RT: Hillary Clinton is not above the law, yet she has a record of contempt for the rule of law. Our leaders are bound by the …
RT:.: “ CA settled with JW & is taking steps to remove 1.5 M inactive voters from the rolls. It’s important for ele …
Presidential Harassment!
Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina has really stepped up to the plate. Thom is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border and fights hard against Illegal Immigration. He loves our Military, our Vets and our great Second Amendment. I give Thom my Full and Total Endorsement!
Staff Sgt. David Bellavia - today, we honor your extraordinary courage, we salute your selfless service, and we thank you for carrying on the legacy of American Valor that has always made our blessed nation the strongest and mightiest in the world!
Today, it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Army Staff Sgt. David Bellavia ( HERO ) for his courageous actions as a squad leader in Fallujah. #MOH
A brave former fighter jet pilot and warrior, Senator Martha McSally of Arizona has done an outstanding job in D. C., and is fully supportive of our agenda – she is with us all the way...
... Martha is strong on Crime and Borders, the 2nd Amendment, and loves our Military and Vets. She has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
... Iran’s very ignorant and insulting statement, put out today, only shows that they do not understand reality. Any attack by Iran on anything American will be met with great and overwhelming force. In some areas, overwhelming will mean obliteration. No more John Kerry & Obama!
Iran leadership doesn’t understand the words “nice ” or “ compassion,” they never have. Sadly, the thing they do understand is Strength and Power, and the USA is by far the most powerful Military Force in the world, with 1.5 Trillion Dollars invested over the last two years alone..
... The wonderful Iranian people are suffering, and for no reason at all. Their leadership spends all of its money on Terror, and little on anything else. The U. S. has not forgotten Iran’s use of IED’s & EFP’s ( bombs ), which killed 2000 Americans, and wounded many more...
Stock Market is heading for one of the best months ( June ) in the history of our Country. Thank you Mr. President!
RT: Thank you for joining me and our Republican Whip Team at the Capitol tonight to talk about the work you’re d …
RT: Who thinks the debates just won't be the same without Donna Brazile working on them behind the scenes?
RT: Looking forward to being in Miami today to kick off the Latino Coalition! Under more Hispanic A …
RT: Mexico is keeping its promise & now sending 15,000 troops to border to help with crisis. Meanwhile Dems won’t fund beds for migrant …
I am pleased to announce the launch of This new platform will allow my campaign and other Republicans to compete with the Democrats money machine. This has been a priority of mine and I ’ m pleased to share that it is up and running! #KeepAmericaGreat
Despite a Federal Reserve that doesn’t know what it is doing - raised rates far too fast ( very low inflation, other parts of world slowing, lowering & easing ) & did large scale tightening, $ 50 Billion / month, we are on course to have one of the best Months of June in US history...
... Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow, and GDP in the 4’s or even 5’s. Now they stick, like a stubborn child, when we need rates cuts, & easing, to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!
Despite a Federal Reserve that doesn’t know what it is doing - raised rates far to fast ( very low inflation, other parts of world slowing, lowering & easing ) & did large scale tightening, $ 50 Billion / month, we are on course to have one of the best Months of June in U. S. history..
... Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow, and GDP in the 4’s or even 5’s. Now they stick, like a stubborn child, when we need rates cuts, & easing, to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!
... a dangerous journey. We don’t even need to be there in that the U. S. has just become ( by far ) the largest producer of Energy anywhere in the world! The U. S. request for Iran is very simple - No Nuclear Weapons and No Further Sponsoring of Terror!
China gets 91 % of its Oil from the Straight, Japan 62 %, & many other countries likewise. So why are we protecting the shipping lanes for other countries ( many years ) for zero compensation. All of these countries should be protecting their own ships on what has always been...
RT:
RT:
RT:
RT: Governor Holcomb is working hard alongside, Commerce & America's top CEOs to scale Indiana's …
RT: “ The Trump administration served as a catalyst for perhaps the largest criminal justice public-private-partnership ever as …
RT: Mexico has done more to secure our border in 10 days than Democrats in Congress have in 10 YEARS. The time to put Americans first i …

When our Country had no debt and built everything from Highways to the Military with CASH, we had a big system of Tariffs. Now we allow other countries to steal our wealth, treasure, and jobs - But no more! The USA is doing great, with unlimited upside into the future!
Wonderful Church service at Camp David. Thank you!
I want to give the Democrats every last chance to quickly negotiate simple changes to Asylum and Loopholes. This will fix the Southern Border, together with the help that Mexico is now giving us. Probably won’t happen, but worth a try. Two weeks and big Deportation begins!
I never called the strike against Iran “BACK,” as people are incorrectly reporting, I just stopped it from going forward at this time!

At the request of Democrats, I have delayed the Illegal Immigration Removal Process ( Deportation ) for two weeks to see if the Democrats and Republicans can get together and work out a solution to the Asylum and Loophole problems at the Southern Border. If not, Deportations start!
... Sanctions come off Iran, and they become a productive and prosperous nation again - The sooner the better!
Iran cannot have Nuclear Weapons! Under the terrible Obama plan, they would have been on their way to Nuclear in a short number of years, and existing verification is not acceptable. We are putting major additional Sanctions on Iran on Monday. I look forward to the day that...
I am at Camp David working on many things, including Iran! We have a great Economy, Tariffs have been very helpful both with respect to the huge Dollars coming IN, & on helping to make good Trade Deals. The Dow heading to BEST June in 80 years! Stock Market BEST June in 50 years!

Thank you Jessica!
A great book!
RT: The crowds and the spirit outside the Amway Center waiting for is absolutely incredible! #Orlando #2020 #Ma …
RT: This isn’t a campaign, this is a movement! Thank you Orlando - we love you! #Florida #KeepAmericaGreat 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸
Looking good. We MUST WIN to KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
RT: Behind the scenes in #Orlando - what an amazing night! ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩
Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President!
Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President!
When people come into our Country illegally, they will be DEPORTED!
The people that Ice will apprehend have already been ordered to be deported. This means that they have run from the law and run from the courts. These are people that are supposed to go back to their home country. They broke the law by coming into the country, & now by staying.
RT: There is a crisis at our border. Time for Congress to wake up, secure the border, and #DoWhatWeSaid.
RT: The irony of Washington Democrats all but ignoring the dire situation at the border: they're calling it a " manufactured …
RT: Under’s leadership, Florida is THRIVING! Read more from Pam Bondi — former AG of Florida ⬇ ️

... proportionate to shooting down an unmanned drone. I am in no hurry, our Military is rebuilt, new, and ready to go, by far the best in the world. Sanctions are biting & more added last night. Iran can NEVER have Nuclear Weapons, not against the USA, and not against the WORLD!
... On Monday they shot down an unmanned drone flying in International Waters. We were cocked & loaded to retaliate last night on 3 different sights when I asked, how many will die. 150 people, sir, was the answer from a General. 10 minutes before the strike I stopped it, not...
... Death to America. I terminated deal, which was not even ratified by Congress, and imposed strong sanctions. They are a much weakened nation today than at the beginning of my Presidency, when they were causing major problems throughout the Middle East. Now they are Bust!...
President Obama made a desperate and terrible deal with Iran - Gave them 150 Billion Dollars plus I. 8 Billion Dollars in CASH! Iran was in big trouble and he bailed them out. Gave them a free path to Nuclear Weapons, and SOON. Instead of saying thank you, Iran yelled...
... ” This Russia Collusion Hoax was perpetrated in part by people inside the government, and in part by a compliant ( Fake News ) media. ” Mollie Hemingway. The facts are starting to pour out. Stay tuned!
Just revealed that the Failing and Desperate New York Times was feeding false stories about me, & those associated with me, to the FBI. This shows the kind of unprecedented hatred I have been putting up with for years with this Crooked newspaper. Is what they have done legal?...
S & P closes at Record High!
It was my great honor to host Canadian Prime Minister at the today! 🇺 🇸 🇨 🇦
Iran made a very big mistake!
“The President has a really good story to tell. We have unemployment lower than we’ve seen in decades. We have people who stopped looking for work coming back into the labor force. We are in a record growth period.” Michael Steel ( do you believe? )
S & P opens at Record High!
Since Election Day 2016, Stocks up almost 50 %, Stocks gained 9.2 Trillion Dollars in value, and more than 5,000, 000 new jobs added to the Economy. If our opponent had won, there would have been a market crash, plain and simple!
Congratulations to President Lopez Obrador — Mexico voted to ratify the USMCA today by a huge margin. Time for Congress to do the same here!
Just returning from Orlando and Doral ( Miami ), Florida, and heading to the Oval Office, where I will present the great Economist, Dr. Arthur Laffer, with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
I will be interviewed LIVE tonight by on 9 P. M. Enjoy!
... asking Hillary Clinton why she deleted and acid washed her Emails AFTER getting a subpoena from Congress? Anybody else would be in jail for that, yet the Dems refuse to even bring it up. Rigged House Committee
So sad that the Democrats are putting wonderful Hope Hicks through hell, for 3 years now, after total exoneration by Robert Mueller & the Mueller Report. They were unhappy with result so they want a Do Over. Very unfair & costly to her. Will it ever end? Why aren’t they...
If I didn’t have the Phony Witch Hunt going on for 3 years, and if the Fake News Media and their partner in Crime, the Democrats, would have played it straight, I would be way up in the Polls right now - with our Economy, winning by 20 points. But I ’ m winning anyway!
DEMOCRAT CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS ARE #RIGGED!
... 33,000 Emails that Hillary and her lawyer deleted and acid washed AFTER GETTING A SUBPOENA FROM CONGRESS? That is real Obstruction that the Dems want no part of because their hearings are RIGGED and a disgrace to our Country!
The Dems are very unhappy with the Mueller Report, so after almost 3 years, they want a Redo, or Do Over. This is extreme Presidential Harassment. They gave Crooked Hillary’s people complete Immunity, yet now they bring back Hope Hicks. Why aren’t the Dems looking at the...
THANK YOU! #Trump2020 🇺 🇸
Don’t ever forget - this election is about YOU. It is about YOUR family, YOUR future, & the fate of YOUR COUNTRY. We begin our campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, & the only positive VISION for our Country’s future! #Trump2020
In the ultimate act of moral cowardice, not one Democrat Candidate for president - not a single one - has stood up to defend the incredible men and women of ICE and Border Patrol. They don’t have the character, the virtue, or the spine! #Trump2020
On no issue are Democrats more extreme – and more depraved – than when it comes to Border Security. The Democrat Agenda of open borders is morally reprehensible. It is the great betrayal of the American Middle Class and our Country as a whole! #Trump2020
Together, we are breaking the most sacred rule in Washington Politics: we are KEEPING our promises to the American People. Because my only special interest is YOU! #Trump2020
THANK YOU ORLANDO, FLORIDA!
Join me LIVE tonight in Orlando, Florida at 8: 00 P. M. Eastern as we kickoff #Trump2020. Enjoy!
Departing for Orlando, Florida with Melania!
Acting Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan, who has done a wonderful job, has decided not to go forward with his confirmation process so that he can devote more time to his family...
... I thank Pat for his outstanding service and will be naming Secretary of the Army, Mark Esper, to be the new Acting Secretary of Defense. I know Mark, and have no doubt he will do a fantastic job!
German DAX way up due to stimulus remarks from Mario Draghi. Very unfair to the United States!
“ECB officials see Rate Cut as primary tool for any new stimulus.”
Had a very good telephone conversation with President Xi of China. We will be having an extended meeting next week at the G - 20 in Japan. Our respective teams will begin talks prior to our meeting.
The Fake News doesn’t report it, but Republican enthusiasm is at an all time high. Look what is going on in Orlando, Florida, right now! People have never seen anything like it ( unless you play a guitar ). Going to be wild - See you later!
European Markets rose on comments ( unfair to U. S. ) made today by Mario D!
Mario Draghi just announced more stimulus could come, which immediately dropped the Euro against the Dollar, making it unfairly easier for them to compete against the USA. They have been getting away with this for years, along with China and others.
Only a few people showed up for the so-called Impeachment rallies over the weekend. The numbers were anemic, no spirit, no hope. More importantly, No Collusion, No Obstruction!
Wow! The State Department said it has identified 30 Security Incidents involving current or former employees and their handling of Crooked Hillary Clinton’s Emails. This is really big. Never admitted before. Highly Classified Material. Will the Dems investigate this?
The story in the about the U. S. escalating attacks on Russia’s power grid is Fake News, and the Failing New York Times knows it. They should immediately release their sources which, if they exist at all, which I doubt, are phony. Times must be held fully accountable!
Thousands of people are already lined up in Orlando, some two days before tomorrow nights big Rally. Large Screens and food trucks will be there for those that can’t get into the 25,000 capacity arena. It will be a very exciting evening! Make America Great Again!
Next week ICE will begin the process of removing the millions of illegal aliens who have illicitly found their way into the United States. They will be removed as fast as they come in. Mexico, using their strong immigration laws, is doing a very good job of stopping people...
... long before they get to our Southern Border. Guatemala is getting ready to sign a Safe-Third Agreement. The only ones who won’t do anything are the Democrats in Congress. They must vote to get rid of the loopholes, and fix asylum! If so, Border Crisis will end quickly!
. Polls are always bad for me. They were against Crooked Hillary also. Something weird going on at Fox. Our polls show us leading in all 17 Swing States. For the record, I didn’t spend 30 hours with, but rather a tiny fraction of that. More Fake News
One size doesn’t fit all - I support West Virginia Schools. Keep up the great work, Big Jim Justice - I am with you!
“Iran to defy Uranium Stockpile Limits”
Only Fake Polls show us behind the Motley Crew. We are looking really good, but it is far too early to be focused on that. Much work to do! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Big Rally tomorrow night in Orlando, Florida, looks to be setting records. We are building large movie screens outside to take care of everybody. Over 100,000 requests. Our Country is doing great, far beyond what the haters & losers thought possible - and it will only get better!
Thank you Mr. Prime Minister, a great honor!
RT: Earlier today, and held a ceremony for the inauguration of ' Trump Heights ' — a town in #Israel's Go …
RT: Very glad to see Mexico working with President to up their game and deal with immigration from Centra …
Congratulations to Gary Woodland in winning the United States Open Golf Championship. Fantastic playing, great heart - there will be more in Gary’s future!
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. “I think we have a very real risk of losing the Presidency to Donald Trump.” I agree, and that is the only reason they play the impeach card, which cannot be legally used!
Almost 70 % in new Poll say don’t impeach. So ridiculous to even be talking about this subject when all of the crimes were committed by the other side. They can’t win the election fairly!
RT: “Millennial fighting rare bone cancer responds to vow: Law supported by helped save my life” htt …
So nice!
... If Republicans ever did that to the Democrats, there would be all hell to pay. It would be a scandal like no other!
When will the Fake News Media start asking Democrats if they are OK with the hiring of Christopher Steele, a foreign agent, paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, to dig up “dirt” and write a phony Dossier against the Presidential Candidate of the opposing party...
Thank you PM and the State of Israel for this great honor! 🇺 🇸 🇮 🇱

Happy Father’s Day to all, including my worst and most vicious critics, of which there are fewer and fewer. This is a FANTASTIC time to be an American! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
A poll should be done on which is the more dishonest and deceitful newspaper, the Failing New York Times or the Amazon ( lobbyist ) Washington Post! They are both a disgrace to our Country, the Enemy of the People, but I just can’t seem to figure out which is worse? The good...
... news is that at the end of 6 years, after America has been made GREAT again and I leave the beautiful White House ( do you think the people would demand that I stay longer? KEEP AMERICA GREAT ), both of these horrible papers will quickly go out of business & be forever gone!
... saying enough. Democrat voters want to hear the politicians talking about issues. This is a huge distraction and will only help Donald Trump get elected. ” “Greatest President since Ronald Reagan” said a counter-protester. LehighValleyLive
Yesterday was the Radical Left Democrats big Impeachment day. They worked so hard to make it something really big and special but had one problem - almost nobody showed up. “The Media admits low turnout for anti-Trump rallies.” “ All around the Country people are...
Congratulations to great guy Pete Hegseth and wonderful Jenny Cunningham on their engagement. They will have a fantastic life together!
... More and more states want to do this but their governors and leaders don’t have the courage to do so. The politics will soon mandate, however, because people from California, & all over the land, are demanding that Sanctuary Cities be GONE. No illegals, Drugs or Trafficking!
Florida Governor Ron DeSantis just signed Bill banning Sanctuary Cities in State, & forcing all law enforcement agencies to cooperate with Federal Immigration authorities. Bill prohibits local Gov’t from enacting Sanctuary policies that protect undocumented immigrants...
... ALSO, NOT TRUE! Anything goes with our Corrupt News Media today. They will do, or say, whatever it takes, with not even the slightest thought of consequence! These are true cowards and without doubt, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Do you believe that the Failing New York Times just did a story stating that the United States is substantially increasing Cyber Attacks on Russia. This is a virtual act of Treason by a once great paper so desperate for a story, any story, even if bad for our Country...
... misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do, you know! ). Think I will do many more Network Interviews, as I did in 2016, in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in...
... the first 2 1/2 years of his Presidency, including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event, enjoy the show!
I enjoyed my interview with on. So funny to watch the Fake News Media try to dissect & distort every word in as negative a way as possible. It will be aired on Sunday night at 8: 00 P. M., and is called, “President Trump: 30 Hours” ( which is somewhat...
... the first 2 1/2 years of his Presidency, including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event, enjoy the show!
... misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do, you know! ). Think I will do many more Network Interviews, as I did in 2016, in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in...
I enjoyed my interview with on. So funny to watch the Fake News Media try to dissect & distort every word in as negative a way as possible. It will be aired on Sunday night at 8: 00 P. M., and is called, “President Trump: 30 Hours” ( which is somewhat...
He is a national disgrace who is destroying the City of London!
RT: I am blessed and forever grateful to for the opportunity to serve and proud of everything he’s accomplished. …
The Corrupt News Media is totally out of control - they have given up and don’t even care anymore. Mainstream Media has ZERO CREDIBILITY - TOTAL LOSERS!

LONDON needs a new mayor ASAP. Khan is a disaster - will only get worse!
Thank you Steve & family!
RT: For weeks Republicans have asked for an emergency funding bill to help fix the worsening border crisis. Immediate action …
The Trump Economy is setting records, and has a long way up to go... However, if anyone but me takes over in 2020 ( I know the competition very well ), there will be a Market Crash the likes of which has not been seen before! KEEP AMERICA GREAT
“President Trump to launch 2020 Campaign in Florida!” Tuesday will be a Big Crowd and Big Day!
All in for Senator Steve Daines as he proposes an Amendment for a strong BAN on burning our American Flag. A no brainer!
Despite the Greatest Presidential Harassment of all time by people that are very dishonest and want to destroy our Country, we are doing great in the Polls, even better than in 2016, and will be packed at the Tuesday Announcement Rally in Orlando, Florida. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
RT: Dems will keep their ( embarrassing ) games going on here in THE SWAMP until 2020 because they hate Trump & they think it hel …
RT: President stayed after his commencement speech at the in Colorado Springs this past Thursday t …
RT:. stops by for an impromptu photo with local school kids in Ireland, who were hoping to catch a glimpse of …
RT: As the worst Mayor in the history of New York City manages his bucket list in Iowa — he also remains steady at ZERO PERCENT …
RT:
RT: NEVER GETS OLD...
RT: NEXT UP: President speaks on expanding health coverage options for small businesses & workers.
RT: Today, President spoke on expanding health coverage options for American small businesses & workers. Presi …
RT: Great to see a strong showing in NH for on his Birthday. Happy Birthday
“With over a 50 % Approval Rating at this point in his Presidency, analysts believe re-election in 2020 looks ( very ) promising!” Hey, we have accomplished more than any President in the first 2 1/2 years, WHY NOT?
“The latest Polls find 51 % of Americans approve of President Trump’s Job Performance. Last month a Democrat Pollster said President Trump’s approval rating has been the most steady of any President in history!”
RT: Opioid addiction can happen to anyone — and we must work together to fight the stigma and save lives, says J …
RT: We must never forget the lives lost and heroic actions made by so many on D-Day in Normandy, France.
RT: Great to welcome back President Duda & Mrs. Kornhauser-Duda of Poland at the today!
RT: Yesterday we honored the incredible friendship between the United States and Poland, and celebrated our proud Polish-American c …
RT: This Administration remains committed to the fight against the opioid epidemic. Thank you to all who participated in this week ’ …
RT: This account is really off-base. MLB meeting with wasn’t about resurrecting the old deal, it was about a new & much m …
RT: And yesterday’s attack on a civilian airport in #SaudiArabia by the Houthis using cruise missiles supplied by #IRGC should …
RT: Not just the intelligence shows Iran was behind gulf attacks, common sense does too. It is a fact that only the #IRGC Navy …
RT: Here is video of #IRGC navy returning to the scene of the crime to erase evidence by removing an unexploded Limpet mine fro …
RT: " It may be the single biggest political crime in the history of the United States " says about #Spygate. " E …
RT: Tom Fitton: If There's Anything Watergate-Related, it's the Obama Admin's Actions Targeting - …
RT: 4 FBI witness interview reports are “missing”, along with the notes of a meeting between the FBI and the intelligence commun …
RT: As Pelosi House slithers towards impeachment of, Mueller Report exposed as lying hit job on Trump. …
RT: Coup Update: Bruce Ohr gets $ 28k bonus in middle of Russiagate spying on - - and then gets a raise AFTER he …
RT: Obama-Clinton-Russia: The REAL Collusion Scandal; Docs Show Obama State Dept. Launders Steele Dossier to Target …
... While Pennsylvania is BOOMING, I don’t want there to be even a little glitch in Coatesville – every job counts. I want Lockhead to BOOM along with it!
Just spoke to Marillyn Hewson, CEO of, about continuing operations for the in Coatesville, Pennsylvania. She will be taking it under advisement and will be making a decision soon...
RT: This week President Trump was able to do something no one else could: get the left to care about foreign intel in our e …
Thank you Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiculous Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin ’ Chuck will never stop. Did Senator ever report speaking to a Russian!?
Thank you Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiclious Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin ’ Chuck will never stop. Did Senator ever report speaking to a Russian!?
Thank you Senator for fighting obstructionist Democrats led by Cryin ' Chuck Schumer. Democrats continue to look for a do-over on the Mueller Report and will stop at nothing to distract the American people from the great accomplishments of this Administration!
Announcing great, expanded HRAs — big win for small employers and workers. This is a fantastic plan! My Administration has worked very hard on creating more affordable health coverage.
The Radical Left Dems are working hard, but THE PEOPLE are much smarter. Working hard, thank you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our GREAT. America loves you! #ArmyBday
RT:
I will be interviewed on at 8: 00 A. M. Enjoy!
Natalie Harp, fighting Stage 2 Cancer and doing really well, was a GREAT guest on. Right To Try is producing some truly spectacular results. Proud of Natalie!
Today we announced vital new actions that we are taking to help former inmates find a job, live a crime-free life, and succeed beyond their dreams...
After 3 1/2 years, our wonderful Sarah Huckabee Sanders will be leaving the White House at the end of the month and going home to the Great State of Arkansas...
... She is a very special person with extraordinary talents, who has done an incredible job! I hope she decides to run for Governor of Arkansas - she would be fantastic. Sarah, thank you for a job well done!
While I very much appreciate P. M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready, and neither are we!
While I very much appreciate P. M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready, and neither are we!
They’ve been wrong all along!
... and other really bad people, SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN! They even had an “insurance policy” just in case Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats lost their race for the Presidency! This is the biggest & worst political scandal in the history of the United States of America. Sad!
... which he is a member. When took calls from another person, also very successfully purporting to be a Russian Operative, did he call the FBI, or even think to call the FBI? NO! The fact is that the phony Witch Hunt is a giant scam where Democrats,...
When Senator spoke at length, and in great detail, about extremely negative information on me, with a talented entertainer purporting to be a Russian Operative, did he immediately call the FBI? NO, in fact he didn’t even tell the Senate Intelligence Committee of...
I meet and talk to “foreign governments ” every day. I just met with the Queen of England ( U. K. ), the Prince of Wales, the P. M. of the United Kingdom, the P. M. of Ireland, the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about “ Everything!” Should I immediately...
... call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said, my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.
... call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said, my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.
I meet and talk to “foreign governments ” every day. I just met with the Queen of England ( U. K. ), the Prince of Whales, the P. M. of the United Kingdom, the P. M. of Ireland, the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about “ Everything!” Should I immediately...
The Dems fight us at every turn - in the meantime they are accomplishing nothing for the people! They have gone absolutely “Loco,” or Unhinged, as they like to say!
... is not Constitutionally Permissable. ” Alan Dershowitz, Constitutional Lawyer
“ Congress cannot Impeach President Trump ( did nothing wrong ) because if they did they would be putting themselves above the law. The Constitution provides criteria for Impeachment - treason, bribery, high crimes & misdemeanors. Unless there is compelling evidence, Impeachment...
... much tougher game than the Republicans did when they had the House Majority. Republicans will remember! “ This has already been argued before the U. S. Supreme Court, but the House doesn’t want to wait. This is a common thread between all of the Committees - do whatever you...
... can to embarrass the Trump Administration ( and Republicans ), attack the Trump Administration. This is campaigning by the Dems. ” Attorney David Bruno. So true! In the meantime they are getting NO work done on Drug Pricing, Infrastructure & many other things.
Unrelated to Russia, Russia, Russia ( although the Radical Left doesn’t use the name Russia anymore since the issuance of the Mueller Report ), House Committee now plays the seldom used “Contempt” card on our great A. G. & Sec. of Commerce - this time on the Census. Dems play a...
General Michael Flynn, the 33 year war hero who has served with distinction, has not retained a good lawyer, he has retained a GREAT LAWYER, Sidney Powell. Best Wishes and Good Luck to them both!
“It’s about peace and Prosperity, that’s how Republican Presidents get elected, and this President has delivered on the Economy and he’s delivered on keeping America Stronger & Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats, it’s the Media.” John McLaughlin, pollster
“Biden would be China’s Dream Candidate, because there would be no more Tariffs, no more demands that China stop stealing our IP, things would go back to the old days with America’s manufacturers & workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!” So true!
“It’s about peace and Properity, that’s how Republican Presidents get elected, and this President has delivered on the Economy and he’s delivered on keeping America Stronger and Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats, it’s the Media.” John McLaughlin, pollster
“Biden would be America’s Dream Candidate, because there would be no more Tariffs, no more demands that China stop stealing our IP, things would go back to the old days with America’s manufacturers & workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!” So true!
Thank you very much!
is = if ( Spell )! Not like Chris.
RT: Tonight's 1600 Daily looks at how President is delivering on his promise to roll back the regulation that …
Two Fantastic People! My friends from the very beginning. Thank you D & S.
Our Farmers deserve this, they are GREAT!
RT: President and will welcome Polish President and Mrs. Agata Kornhauser-Duda for their …
Thank you!
RT: President made the opioid crisis a primary focus of his administration. Today, I am in Montana to further our supp …
Michael Whatley has been with us right from the beginning. A great Leader and Chairman!
RT: The American people will continue to be drawn to ' s consistent, conservative leadership - and I couldn't be …
RT: Great event this afternoon in Billings supporting! Montana needs 4 more years of in the White …
It was a pleasure to host my friends President Andrzej Duda and Mrs. Agata Kornhauser-Duda of Poland at the today. U. S. - Poland ties are at an all-time high. Thank you for being such an exemplary Ally!
The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. Their new weapon of choice is Fake Polling, sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls ( they suppress the numbers ). Had it in 2016, but this is worse...
... The Fake ( Corrupt ) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which, by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt, are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up & don’t even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!
Wow! Just got word that our June 18th, Tuesday, ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando, Florida, already has 74,000 requests for a 20,000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done, this ticket looks to be the “hottest” of them all. See you in Florida!
RT: Despite the Phony Witch Hunt, we will continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you!!
... The Fake ( Corrupt ) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which, by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt, are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up & don’t even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!
The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. There new weapon of choice is Fake Polling, sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls ( they suppress the numbers ). Had it in 2016, but this is worse...
Wow! Just got word that our June 18th, Tuesday, ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando, Florida, already has 74,000 requests for a 20,000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done, this tickets looks to be the “hottest” of them all. See you in Florida!
“Someone should call Obama up. The Obama Administration spied on a rival presidential campaign using Federal Agencies. I mean, that seems like a headline to me?” It will all start coming out, and the Witch Hunt will end. Presidential Harassment!
Beautiful afternoon in Iowa. Thank you to all of our Nation’s Farmers. May God bless you, and may God Bless America!
“Trump administration gives final approval for year-round E15 use”
Today, here in Iowa, we honor America’s cherished farming heritage. We salute your commitment to American Energy Independence — and we celebrate the bright future we are forging together powered by clean, affordable AMERICAN ETHANOL!
On my way to Iowa - just heard nearly 1,000 agriculture groups signed a letter urging Congress to approve the USMCA. Our Patriot Farmers & rural America have spoken! Now Congress must do its job & support these great men and women by passing the bipartisan USMCA Trade Agreement!
“Why did the Democrats run if they didn’t want to do things?”
Good day in the Stock Market. People have no idea the tremendous potential our Country has for GROWTH - and many other things!
... If Mexico produces ( which I think they will ). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar, except they devalue currency and subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25 % Tariff. So far, little effect to consumer. Companies will relocate to U. S.
... Companies to come to the U. S. A and to get companies that have left us for other lands to come back home. We stupidly lost 30 % of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and pass. But very happy with the deal I made,...
Maria, Dagan, Steve, Stuart V - When you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years ( to a level that is not to be believed ), Tariffs are a great negotiating tool, a great revenue producers and, most importantly, a powerful way to get...
This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar, putting the U. S. at a big disadvantage. The Fed Interest rate way too high, added to ridiculous quantitative tightening! They don’t have a clue!
The United States has VERY LOW INFLATION, a beautiful thing!
This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar, putting the U. S. at a big disadvantage. The Fed Interest rate way to high, added to ridiculous quantitative tightening! They don’t have a clue!
RT: European landmarks have a question they desperately need answering: How do you stop the tourists from coming?
Sad when you think about it, but Mexico right now is doing more for the United States at the Border than the Democrats in Congress!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
... investigation in the Senate. They can talk to John Dean until the cows come home, we’re not doing anything in the Senate regarding the Mueller Report. We are going to harden our Infrastructure against 2020! ”
“ Mueller has spoken. He found No Collusion between the Trump Campaign and the Russians. The bottom line is what the Democrat House is doing is trying to destroy the Trump Presidency ( which has been a tremendous success ), and I can assure you that we’re done with the Mueller...
“Jerry Nadler’s Trump Bashing Show Is A Bust.” Headline, New York Post. The Greatest Witch Hunt of all time continues. All crimes were by the other side, but the Committee refuses to even take a look. Deleting 33,000 Emails is the real Obstruction - and much more!
New book just out, “The Real Deal, My Decade Fighting Battles and Winning Wars With Trump,” is really wonderful. It is written by two people who are very smart & know me well, George Sorial & Damian Bates, as opposed to all the books where the author has no clue who I am. ENJOY!
#AmericaFIRST #MAGA 🇺 🇸


Despite the Phony Witch Hunt, we will continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you!!
Congratulations to the 2019 Indianapolis 500 Winner, and! 🏆 🏁
I have been briefed on the helicopter crash in New York City. Phenomenal job by our GREAT First Responders who are currently on the scene. THANK YOU for all you do 24/7 / 365! The Trump Administration stands ready should you need anything at all.
Can’t believe they are bringing in John Dean, the disgraced Nixon White House Counsel who is a paid CNN contributor. No Collusion - No Obstruction! Democrats just want a do-over which they’ll never get!
RT:.’strong stand got Mexico to do things they have never done before: 6,000 National Guard at their southern border, immigrati …


When will the Failing New York Times admit that their front page story on the the new Mexico deal at the Border is a FRAUD and nothing more than a badly reported “hit job” on me, something that has been going on since the first day I announced for the presidency! Sick Journalism
We have fully signed and documented another very important part of the Immigration and Security deal with Mexico, one that the U. S. has been asking about getting for many years. It will be revealed in the not too distant future and will need a vote by Mexico’s Legislative body!..
... We do not anticipate a problem with the vote but, if for any reason the approval is not forthcoming, Tariffs will be reinstated!
RT: Twitter should let the banned Conservative Voices back onto their platform, without restriction. It’s called Freedom o …
RT: If President Obama made the deals that I have made, both at the Border and for the Economy, the Corrupt Media would be …
RT: For two years all the Democrats talked about was the Mueller Report, because they knew that it was loaded up with 13 A …
RT:... No Obstruction. The Dems were devastated - after all this time and money spent ( $ 40,000, 000 ), the Mueller Report w …
RT: The Failing story on Mexico and Illegal Immigration through our Southern Border has now been proven shockingl …
Now with our new deal, Mexico is doing more for the USA on Illegal Immigration than the Democrats. In fact, the Democrats are doing NOTHING, they want Open Borders, which means Illigal Immigration, Drugs and Crime.
RT: The Trump-hating media / dems now face a YUGE dilemma--how NOT to give credit. #MexicoCavesAfterTariffThrea …
RT:.: " I called the Mexican ambassador and said regardless of what you read in the press, understand if the p …
RT: Next we get to watch the Democrat Civil War between the Socialists and the Establishment during the debates in a race to s …
RT: Trump wins historic landslide election. Democrats - " Russia did it. " Trump sets economic records. Democrats - " Obama di …
RT: It’s amazing to see Democrats within a span of 2 days go from being against Trump’s tariffs on Mexico to now being again …
RT: Black America has been destroyed by liberal policies, a liberal media and a liberal stranglehold on culture. Democrats …
RT: For the few conservatives they have left on, twitter is engaged in shadow banning of conservative con …
RT: I ’ m pleased to announce that as a result of discussions between the Trump Administration and Gilead Sciences, Inc., Gilead has …
RT: The agreement will provide pre-exposure prophylaxis ( PrEP ) to treat individuals who are at risk for HIV and who are uninsured, …
RT: Under’s leadership, worked with Gilead to secure preventative medication for uninsured individuals at risk for …
RT: The majority of Americans who are at risk and who could protect themselves with PrEP are still not receiving the medication. T …
RT: Read more about the announcement here: #HIV #EndHIVEpidemic
The Failing story on Mexico and Illegal Immigration through our Southern Border has now been proven shockingly false and untrue, bad reporting, and the paper is embarrassed by it. The only problem is that they knew it was Fake News before it went out. Corrupt Media!
For two years all the Democrats talked about was the Mueller Report, because they knew that it was loaded up with 13 Angry Democrat Trump Haters, later increased to 18. But despite the bias, when the Report came out, the findings were No Collusion and facts that led to...
... No Obstruction. The Dems were devastated - after all this time and money spent ( $ 40,000, 000 ), the Mueller Report was a disaster for them. But they want a Redo, or Do Over. They are even bringing in sleazebag attorney John Dean. Sorry, no Do Overs - Go back to work!
RT: Our Border Patrol agents are superheroes dealing with the border crisis every day. They are doing their job, and it's t …
If President Obama made the deals that I have made, both at the Border and for the Economy, the Corrupt Media would be hailing them as Incredible, & a National Holiday would be immediately declared. With me, despite our record setting Economy and all that I have done, no credit!
Twitter should let the banned Conservative Voices back onto their platform, without restriction. It’s called Freedom of Speech, remember. You are making a Giant Mistake!
Another false report in the Failing. We have been trying to get some of these Border Actions for a long time, as have other administrations, but were not able to get them, or get them in full, until our signed agreement with Mexico. Additionally, and for many years,...
... Mexico was not being cooperative on the Border in things we had, or didn’t have, and now I have full confidence, especially after speaking to their President yesterday, that they will be very cooperative and want to get the job properly done. Importantly, some things...
... not mentioned in yesterday press release, one in particular, were agreed upon. That will be announced at the appropriate time. There is now going to be great cooperation between Mexico & the USA, something that didn’t exist for decades. However, if for some unknown reason...
... there is not, we can always go back to our previous, very profitable, position of Tariffs - But I don’t believe that will be necessary. The Failing, & ratings challenged, will do anything possible to see our Country fail! They are truly The Enemy of the People!
RT: I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs s …
RT:... stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or el …
RT: MEXICO HAS AGREED TO IMMEDIATELY BEGIN BUYING LARGE QUANTITIES OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS!
I know it is not at all “Presidential” to hit back at the Corrupt Media, or people who work for the Corrupt Media, when they make false statements about me or the Trump Administration. Problem is, if you don’t hit back, people believe the Fake News is true. So we’ll hit back!
Little, whose show, like his previous shoebiz tries, is a disaster, has been saying that I had been a friend of his. This is false. He, & separately, used to BEG me to be on episodes of the Apprentice ( both were bad ), but that was it. Hardly knew him,..
... other than to know he was, and is, a total Loser. When he makes statements about me, they are made up, he knows nothing!
Just watched the Great, Basketball Hall of Famer, on the. A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man, Mark Levin, who has the number one bestselling book, Unfreedom of the Press. Two Winners!
Just watched the Great, Backetball Hall of Famer, on the. A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man, Mark Levin, who has the number one bestselling book, Unfreedom of the Press. Two Winners!
Watched MSNBC this morning just to see what the opposition was saying about events of the past week. Such lies, almost everything they were saying was the opposite of the truth. Fake News! No wonder their ratings, along with CNN, are WAY DOWN. The hatred Comcast has is amazing!
I would like to thank the President of Mexico, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, and his foreign minister, Marcelo Ebrard, together with all of the many representatives of both the United States and Mexico, for working so long and hard to get our agreement on immigration completed!
Everyone very excited about the new deal with Mexico!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi & the Democrat House are getting nothing done. Perhaps they could lead the way with the USMCA, the spectacular & very popular new Trade Deal that replaces NAFTA, the worst Trade Deal in the history of the U. S. A. Great for our Farmers, Manufacturers & Unions!
MEXICO HAS AGREED TO IMMEDIATELY BEGIN BUYING LARGE QUANTITIES OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS!
Mexico will try very hard, and if they do that, this will be a very successful agreement for both the United States and Mexico!
Brandon Judd, National Border Patrol Council: “That’s going to be a huge deal because Mexico will be using their strong Immigration Laws - A game changer. People no longer will be released into the U. S.” Also, 6000 Mexican Troops at their Southern Border. Currently there are few!
While the reviews and reporting on our Border Immigration Agreement with Mexico have been very good, there has nevertheless been much false reporting ( surprise! ) by the Fake and Corrupt News Media, such as Comcast / NBC, CNN, &. These “Fakers” are Bad News!
I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U. S. on Monday, against Mexico, are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico, in turn, has agreed to take strong measures to...
... stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or eliminate, Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly by the State Department. Thank you!
I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U. S. on Monday, against Mexico, are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico, in turn, has agreed to take strong measures to...
... stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or eliminate, Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly be the State Department. Thank you!
Dow Jones has best week of the year!
Heading back to D. C. Many great things are happening for our Country!
For all of the money we are spending, NASA should NOT be talking about going to the Moon - We did that 50 years ago. They should be focused on the much bigger things we are doing, including Mars ( of which the Moon is a part ), Defense and Science!
Democrats are incapable of doing a good and solid Immigration Bill!
If we are able to make the deal with Mexico, & there is a good chance that we will, they will begin purchasing Farm & Agricultural products at very high levels, starting immediately. If we are unable to make the deal, Mexico will begin paying Tariffs at the 5 % level on Monday!
... and have no intention of doing anything other than going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal & unprecedented in U. S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions & Infrastructure!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement, especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy & Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress...
... and have no intention of doing anything other going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal & unprecedented in U. S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions & Infrastructure!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement, especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy & Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress,...
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries, including the United States, in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation, but U. S. is taking in Billions!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our great Mike Pence!


#DDay75thAnniversary #DDay75
“Mueller’s report was pure, political garbage!”
John Solomon: Factual errors and major omissions in the Mueller Report show that it is totally biased against Trump.
RT: For my full interview with ⁦ from Normandy ⁩, tune in tonight #IngrahamAngle ⁦ ⁩ 10pET
#DDay75thAnniversary
Just signed Disaster Aid Bill to help Americans who have been hit by recent catastrophic storms. So important for our GREAT American farmers and ranchers. Help for GA, FL, IA, NE, NC, and CA. Puerto Rico should love President Trump. Without me, they would have been shut out!
To the men who sit behind me, and to the boys who rest in the field before me: your example will never grow old. Your legend will never tire, and your spirit - brave, unyielding, and true - will NEVER DIE! #DDay75thAnniversary
Today, we remember those who fell, and we honor all who fought, here in Normandy. They won back this ground for civilization. To more than 170 Veterans of the Second World War who join us today: You are among the very greatest Americans who will ever live! #DDay75thAnniversary
So sorry to hear about the terrible accident involving our GREAT West Point Cadets. We mourn the loss of life and pray for the injured. God Bless them ALL!
#DDay75thAnniversary
Heading over to Normandy to celebrate some of the bravest that ever lived. We are eternally grateful! #DDay75thAnniversary #DDay75
A big and beautiful day today!
“The President has received glowing reviews from the British Media. Here at home, not so much. MSNBC Ramps up hateful coverage and promotes conspiracy theories during Trump’s trip to Europe.” The good news is that is dying in the ratings, along with!
#DDay75thAnniversary #DDay75
Immigration discussions at the White House with representatives of Mexico have ended for the day. Progress is being made, but not nearly enough! Border arrests for May are at 133,000 because of Mexico & the Democrats in Congress refusing to budge on immigration reform. Further...
... talks with Mexico will resume tomorrow with the understanding that, if no agreement is reached, Tariffs at the 5 % level will begin on Monday, with monthly increases as per schedule. The higher the Tariffs go, the higher the number of companies that will move back to the USA!
As we approach the 75th Anniversary of D-Day, we proudly commemorate those heroic and honorable patriots who gave their all for the cause of freedom during some of history’s darkest hours. #DDay75
“House Republicans support the President on Tariffs with Mexico all the way, & that makes any measure the President takes on the Border totally Veto proof. Why wouldn’t you as Republicans support him when that will allow our President to make a better deal.” Thank you
If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt, I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy, maybe Best Ever! If the Corrupt Media was actually fair, I would be up by 25 points. Nevertheless, despite the Fake News, we’re doing great!
House Democrats, fresh off a Republican victory against them ( in Federal Court ) on the Wall, keep asking people to come and testify regarding the No Collusion Witch Hunt. They are very unhappy with the Mueller Report, especially with his corrective letter, & now want a Do Over!
Could not have been treated more warmly in the United Kingdom by the Royal Family or the people. Our relationship has never been better, and I see a very big Trade Deal down the road. “This trip has been an incredible success for the President.”
. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to President Reuven Rivlin and the entire State of Israel upon the passing of Mrs. Nechama Rivlin. Mrs. Rivlin represented her beloved country with grace and stature. We will miss her along with all those who knew her.
If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt, I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy, maybe Best Ever! If the Corrup Media was actually fair, I would be up by 25 points. Nevertheless, despite the Fake News, we’re doing great!
RT: Just had a big victory in Federal Court over the Democrats in the House on the desperately needed Border Wall. A big s …
I kept hearing that there would be “massive” rallies against me in the UK, but it was quite the opposite. The big crowds, which the Corrupt Media hates to show, were those that gathered in support of the USA and me. They were big & enthusiastic as opposed to the organized flops!
Plagiarism charge against Sleepy Joe Biden on his ridiculous Climate Change Plan is a big problem, but the Corrupt Media will save him. His other problem is that he is drawing flies, not people, to his Rallies. Nobody is showing up, I mean nobody. You can’t win without people!
#USStateVisit 🇺 🇸 🇬 🇧
Washed up psycho was forced to apologize for a statement she attributed to me that turned out to be totally fabricated by her in order to make “your great president” look really bad. She got caught, just like the Fake News Media gets caught. A sick scammer!
Can you imagine Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer saying out loud, for all to hear, that I am bluffing with respect to putting Tariffs on Mexico. What a Creep. He would rather have our Country fail with drugs & Immigration than give Republicans a win. But he gave Mexico bad advice, no bluff!
RT: President and welcome The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall as they arrive at Winfield Hous …
RT: Tonight, The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall attended a dinner in London hosted by and on the s …
Just had a big victory in Federal Court over the Democrats in the House on the desperately needed Border Wall. A big step in the right direction. Wall is under construction!
Thank you! 🇺 🇸 🇬 🇧

RT: 🇬 🇧 🇺 🇸 On Day 2 of the #USStateVisit, The Duke of York & Prime Minister welcome President Donald Trump t …
#USStateVisit 🇺 🇸 🇬 🇧
House just passed the 19.1 Billion Dollar Disaster Aid Bill. Great, now we will get it done in the Senate! Farmers, Puerto Rico and all will be very happy.
RT: " On behalf of all Americans, I offer a toast to the eternal friendship of our people, the vitality of our nations, and to t …
RT: " This evening, we thank God for the brave sons of the United Kingdom and the United States, who defeated the Nazis and the …
RT: President and are guests of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II for a State Banquet at Buckingham Palac …
RT: The Prince of Wales, The Duchess of Cornwall The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, The Duke o …
As a sign of good faith, Mexico should immediately stop the flow of people and drugs through their country and to our Southern Border. They can do it if they want!
Russia has informed us that they have removed most of their people from Venezuela.
London part of trip is going really well. The Queen and the entire Royal family have been fantastic. The relationship with the United Kingdom is very strong. Tremendous crowds of well wishers and people that love our Country. Haven’t seen any protests yet, but I ’ m sure the...
... Fake News will be working hard to find them. Great love all around. Also, big Trade Deal is possible once U. K. gets rid of the shackles. Already starting to talk!
RT: The Queen, President Trump and the First Lady view a display of items from the Royal Collection illustrating the enduring …
RT: The President and The Prince of Wales inspect a Guard of Honour formed by Nijmegen Company, Grenadier Guards. #USStateVisi …
RT: The President and Mrs Trump stand with The Queen, The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall as the US and UK nationa …
I believe that if people stoped using or subscribing to, they would be forced to make big changes at, which is dying in the ratings anyway. It is so unfair with such bad, Fake News! Why wouldn’t they act. When the World watches, it gets a false picture of USA. Sad!
Just arrived in the United Kingdom. The only problem is that is the primary source of news available from the U. S. After watching it for a short while, I turned it off. All negative & so much Fake News, very bad for U. S. Big ratings drop. Why doesn’t owner do something?
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries, including the United States, in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation, but U. S. is taking Billions!
Thank you! 🇺 🇸 🇬 🇧
... Kahn reminds me very much of our very dumb and incompetent Mayor of NYC, de Blasio, who has also done a terrible job - only half his height. In any event, I look forward to being a great friend to the United Kingdom, and am looking very much forward to my visit. Landing now!
., who by all accounts has done a terrible job as Mayor of London, has been foolishly “nasty” to the visiting President of the United States, by far the most important ally of the United Kingdom. He is a stone cold loser who should focus on crime in London, not me...
RT: Thank you for your leadership on this,! It was great to visit the Cameron LNG export facility with you l …
BIG NEWS! As I promised two weeks ago, the first shipment of LNG has just left the Cameron LNG Export Facility in Louisiana. Not only have thousands of JOBS been created in USA, we’re shipping freedom and opportunity abroad!
Kevin Hassett, who has done such a great job for me and the Administration, will be leaving shortly. His very talented replacement will be named as soon as I get back to the U. S. I want to thank Kevin for all he has done - he is a true friend!
Hearing word that Russia, Syria and, to a lesser extent, Iran, are bombing the hell out of Idlib Province in Syria, and indiscriminately killing many innocent civilians. The World is watching this butchery. What is the purpose, what will it get you? STOP!
Democrats can’t impeach a Republican President for crimes committed by Democrats. The facts are “pouring” in. The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History! Congress, go back to work and help us at the Border, with Drug Prices and on Infrastructure.
Mexico is sending a big delegation to talk about the Border. Problem is, they’ve been “talking” for 25 years. We want action, not talk. They could solve the Border Crisis in one day if they so desired. Otherwise, our companies and jobs are coming back to the USA!
Peggy Noonan, the simplistic writer for Trump Haters all, is stuck in the past glory of Reagan and has no idea what is happening with the Radical Left Democrats, or how vicious and desperate they are. Mueller had to correct his ridiculous statement, Peggy never understood it!
RT: THE TRUTH! The Witch Hunt is dead. Thank you.
RT: GREAT NEWS! #MAGA
I never called Meghan Markle “nasty.” Made up by the Fake News Media, and they got caught cold! Will, and others apologize? Doubt it!
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION, NO NOTHING! “What the Democrats are trying to do is the biggest sin in the impeachment business.” David Rivkin, Constitutional Scholar. Meantime, the Dems are getting nothing done in Congress. They are frozen stiff. Get back to work, much to do!
The Wall is under construction and moving along quickly, despite all of the Radical Liberal Democrat lawsuits. What are they thinking as our Country is invaded by so many people ( illegals ) and things ( Drugs ) that we do not want. Make America Great Again!
People have been saying for years that we should talk to Mexico. The problem is that Mexico is an “abuser” of the United States, taking but never giving. It has been this way for decades. Either they stop the invasion of our Country by Drug Dealers, Cartels, Human Traffickers...
... Coyotes and Illegal Immigrants, which they can do very easily, or our many companies and jobs that have been foolishly allowed to move South of the Border, will be brought back into the United States through taxation ( Tariffs ). America has had enough!
The Democrats are doing nothing on the Border to address the Humanitarian and National Security Crisis! Could be fixed so easily if they would vote with Republicans to fix the loopholes.
RT: I will be announcing my Second Term Presidential Run with First Lady Melania, Vice President Mike Pence, and Second La …
The Great Jerry West will be receiving our Nation’s highest civilian honor, The Presidential Medal of Freedom, for his outstanding career, both on and off the court. Happy Birthday Jerry!
THE TRUTH! The Witch Hunt is dead. Thank you.
RT: Trump's approval rating hits highest point in two years
RT: Trump to award Medal of Freedom to Arthur Laffer, father of supply side economics that gained prominence in the Reagan y …
RT:. and are spreading a false story. This is a perfect example of how the liberal media takes something co …
RT: #FaithNation everyday at 6pm eastern — join me and over on the new 24/7 CBN News Channel by downloading ou …
RT: “This is not a political endorsement. It’s just simply praying for the president.” - tells me and …
RT: We are encouraged to join together in prayer for Pres. on June 2nd with faith leaders such as …
We will all stick together and WIN! Thank you Franklin.
RT: Announcing Special Day of Prayer for the President - June 2
RT: Franklin Graham Calls for National Day of Prayer for President Trump -
RT: I ’ m joining my good friend and hundreds of other faith leaders in asking our churches across America to p …
RT: I want to remind everyone of the importance of praying for this Sun., June 2. We need to pray …
RT: Thank you to the thousands of people who have already let me know that you'll be praying this Sunday. If you ’ d like to …
RT: I also hope thousands of pastors across the nation will take a moment in their service this Sunday to pray for the Pre …
RT:. will be joining me LIVE on Financial Issues to talk about the nationwide movement, Special Day of Pr …
Thank you so much, Franklin!
When you are the “Piggy Bank ” Nation that foreign countries have been robbing and deceiving for years, the word TARIFF is a beautiful word indeed! Others must treat the United States fairly and with respect - We are no longer the “ fools” of the past!
... U. S. in order to avoid paying the 25 % Tariff. Like Mexican companies will move back to the United States once the Tariff reaches the higher levels. They took many of our companies & jobs, the foolish Pols let it happen, and now they will come back unless Mexico stops the...
... travesty that is taking place in allowing millions of people to easily meander through their country and INVADE the U. S., not to mention the Drugs & Human Trafficking pouring in through Mexico. Are the Drug Lords, Cartels & Coyotes really running Mexico? We will soon find out!
Washington Post got it wrong, as usual. The U. S. is charging 25 % against 250 Billion Dollars of goods shipped from China, not 200 BD. Also, China is paying a heavy cost in that they will subsidize goods to keep them coming, devalue their currency, yet companies are moving to...
The United States stands ready to work with to advance prosperity in El Salvador and the hemisphere. Congratulations President Bukele on your inauguration!
Emmet Flood, who came to the White House to help me with the Mueller Report, will be leaving service on June 14th. He has done an outstanding job – NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION! Case Closed! Emmet is my friend, and I thank him for the GREAT JOB he has done.
Spoke to Virginia Governor last night, and the Mayor and Vice Mayor of Virginia Beach this morning, to offer condolences to that great community. The Federal Government is there, and will be, for whatever they may need. God bless the families and all!
I will be announcing my Second Term Presidential Run with First Lady Melania, Vice President Mike Pence, and Second Lady Karen Pence on June 18th in Orlando, Florida, at the 20,000 seat Amway Center. Join us for this Historic Rally! Tickets:
As we celebrate LGBT Pride Month and recognize the outstanding contributions LGBT people have made to our great Nation, let us also stand in solidarity with the many LGBT people who live in dozens of countries worldwide that punish, imprison, or even execute individuals...
... on the basis of their sexual orientation. My Administration has launched a global campaign to decriminalize homosexuality and invite all nations to join us in this effort!
. is having a DEEP STATE SHOW tonight on Fox News at 9:00 PM ( E ), exposing the tremendous abuse of power that has been uncovered. Tremendous guests, a must see – Enjoy!
Saddened to hear about the loss of John Pinto, a Navajo Code Talker in World War II, over the Memorial Day Weekend. The Code Talkers are true American HEROES and John never stopped serving his fellow citizens as a longtime New Mexico State Senator. John, Rest In Peace!
90 % of the Drugs coming into the United States come through Mexico & our Southern Border. 80,000 people died last year, 1,000, 000 people ruined. This has gone on for many years & nothing has been done about it. We have a 100 Billion Dollar Trade Deficit with Mexico. It’s time!
In order not to pay Tariffs, if they start rising, companies will leave Mexico, which has taken 30 % of our Auto Industry, and come back home to the USA. Mexico must take back their country from the drug lords and cartels. The Tariff is about stopping drugs as well as illegals!
Mexico has taken advantage of the United States for decades. Because of the Dems, our Immigration Laws are BAD. Mexico makes a FORTUNE from the U. S., have for decades, they can easily fix this problem. Time for them to finally do what must be done!
Hard to believe that with the Crisis on the Border, the Dems won’t do the quick and easy fix. Would solve the problem but they want Open Borders, which equals crime!
Congratulations to the Class of 2019!
Sean Davis, The Federalist: “Mueller proved his entire operation was a political hit job. Still ZERO evidence of Trump-Russia Collusion, and no new evidence from Mueller.”
RT: How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? WITCH-HUNT!
RT: Shame on Robert Mueller for exceeding his role Read the full story: Via:
I will be watching on at 10:00 P. M. He speaks the truth!
... at which time the Tariffs will be removed. Details from the White House to follow.
On June 10th, the United States will impose a 5 % Tariff on all goods coming into our Country from Mexico, until such time as illegal migrants coming through Mexico, and into our Country, STOP. The Tariff will gradually increase until the Illegal Immigration problem is remedied,..
The Navy put out a disclaimer on the McCain story. Looks like the story was an exaggeration, or even Fake News - but why not, everything else is!
Yesterday, Border Patrol agents apprehended the largest group of illegal aliens ever: 1,036 people who illegally crossed the border in El Paso around 4am. Democrats need to stand by our incredible Border Patrol and finally fix the loopholes at our Border!
RT: “You are ready to fly, fight, and win!” — President Donald J. Trump
RT: Thank you to all of the brave men and women graduating from the United States Air Force Academy today! “ You could have ch …
Just arrived in Colorado. Getting ready to deliver the commencement speech at the Air Force Academy graduation. Very exciting - probably will be broadcast live on TV. They want good ratings!

Very sad to hear the news on the passing of my friend, Senator Thad Cochran. He was a real Senator with incredible values - even flew back to Senate from Mississippi for important Healthcare Vote when he was desperately ill. Thad never let our Country ( or me ) down!
Robert Mueller came to the Oval Office ( along with other potential candidates ) seeking to be named the Director of the FBI. He had already been in that position for 12 years, I told him NO. The next day he was named Special Counsel - A total Conflict of Interest. NICE!
“Comey and Brennan are turning on each other.”
Congressman John Ratcliffe, “The Trump Campaign clearly did not conspire or collude.”
Russia, Russia, Russia! That’s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax... And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn’t exist. So now the Dems and their partner, the Fake News Media,...
... say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist, this horrendous false accusation, and he shouldn’t fight back, he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No, Mueller didn’t find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!
Russia, Russia, Russia! That’s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax... And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn’t exist. So now the Dems and their partner, the Fake News Media,...
... say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist, this horrendous false acquisition, and he shouldn’t fight back, he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No, Mueller didn’t find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!
The Greatest Presidential Harassment in history. After spending $ 40,000, 000 over two dark years, with unlimited access, people, resources and cooperation, highly conflicted Robert Mueller would have brought charges, if he had ANYTHING, but there were no charges to bring!
I was not informed about anything having to do with the Navy Ship USS John S. McCain during my recent visit to Japan. Nevertheless, and I loved being with our great Military Men and Women - what a spectacular job they do!
Great show tonight, you really get it ( 9:00 P. M. ), that’s why you’re Number One ( by far )! Also, please tell Mark Levin congrats on having the Number One book!
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? WITCH-HUNT!
RT: White House Statement on Mueller statement today:
RT: “ Now it’s time to turn to the origins of the Russia hoax and get to the bottom of why the Trump campaign was spied on …
Nothing changes from the Mueller Report. There was insufficient evidence and therefore, in our Country, a person is innocent. The case is closed! Thank you.
... If Alabama does not elect a Republican to the Senate in 2020, many of the incredible gains that we have made during my Presidency may be lost, including our Pro-Life victories. Roy Moore cannot win, and the consequences will be devastating... Judges and Supreme Court Justices!
Republicans cannot allow themselves to again lose the Senate seat in the Great State of Alabama. This time it will be for Six Years, not just Two. I have NOTHING against Roy Moore, and unlike many other Republican leaders, wanted him to win. But he didn’t, and probably won’t...
RT: GOD BLESS THE USA 🇺 🇸
THANK YOU JAPAN! 🇺 🇸 🇯 🇵
Back from Japan after a very successful trip. Big progress on MANY fronts. A great country with a wonderful leader in Prime Minister Abe!
I was actually sticking up for Sleepy Joe Biden while on foreign soil. Kim Jong Un called him a “low IQ idiot, ” and many other things, whereas I related the quote of Chairman Kim as a much softer “ low IQ individual.” Who could possibly be upset with that?
Just spoke to Governor of the Great State of Arkansas to inform him that FEMA and the Federal Government will do whatever is necessary to help out with what has turned out to be Record Flooding. Asa and local officials are doing a great job!
. just updated me on the devastation from the many tornadoes that struck Ohio early this morning. My Administration fully supports the people of the great State of Ohio as they begin the cleanup and recovery.
Storms overnight across Ohio and many other States were very dangerous and damaging. My team continues to update me with reports from emergency managers in the States affected. Listen to your local officials and be resilient. We are with you!
GOD BLESS THE USA 🇺 🇸
RT: 【 SNS投稿 】 「 本日 、 トランプ大統領と共に 、 海上自衛隊の護衛艦 「 かが 」 を訪問しました 。 日米両国の首脳が揃って 、 自衛隊 、 米軍を激励するのは 、 史上初めてのことです 。 」 総理メッセージの続きは
Spoke with of Oklahoma last night from Japan because of the devastating tornadoes. Told him that and the federal government are fully behind him and the great people of Oklahoma.
RT: LIVE remarks from Donald J. Trump aboard #USSWasp in #Japan!
Can’t wait to see you all soon!
RT: EXCITING NEWS: I've written a book on the Kavanaugh confirmation with the inimitable. A behind-the-scenes loo …
I will be making two stops this morning in Japan to visit with our Great Military, then a quick stop in Alaska and back to D. C. Meetings with Prime Minister Abe went very well, and getting to spend time with the new Emperor and Empress of Japan was a great honor!
Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In particular, African Americans will not be able to vote for you. I, on the other hand, was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform, which had tremendous support, & helped fix the bad 1994 Bill!
... Super Predator was the term associated with the 1994 Crime Bill that Sleepy Joe Biden was so heavily involved in passing. That was a dark period in American History, but has Sleepy Joe apologized? No!
Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In particular, African Americans will not be ble to vote for you. I, on the other hand, was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform, which had tremendous support, and helped fix the bad 1994 Bill!
Hoping things will work out with Israel's coalition formation and Bibi and I can continue to make the alliance between America and Israel stronger than ever. A lot more to do!

Liz Cheney: Statements by agents investigating Trump ' could well be treason '
RT: U. S. President Donald Trump becomes first foreign leader to meet Japan's Emperor Naruhito.
#MemorialDay 🇺 🇸

The Dems are getting NOTHING done in Congress! They only want a Do-Over on Mueller!
Impeach for what, having created perhaps the greatest Economy in our Country’s history, rebuilding our Military, taking care of our Vets ( Choice ), Judges, Best Jobs Numbers Ever, and much more? Dems are Obstructionists!
. now admits that he MADE UP “a completely ludicrous quote,” attributing it to me. This is what’s going on in the age of Fake News. People think they can say anything and get away with it. Really, the libel laws should be changed to hold Fake News Media accountable!
RT: President and Prime Minister met for bilateral meetings and a working lunch at Akasaka Palace. …
RT: トランプ大統領とメラニア夫人は 、 天皇 、 皇后両陛下との会見に臨みました 。 & were received by Their Majesties the Emperor and Empress of Japan. …
Great evening last night, thank you!
RT: トランプ大統領は安倍首相と共に皇居での歓迎式典に出席しました 。 & at the Imperial Palace for the Welcome Ceremony. #POTUSinJapan 🇺 🇸 🇯 🇵 …
Congratulations to the Great ( and my friend ) Roger Penske on winning his 18th ( UNBELIEVABLE! ) Indianapolis 500. I am in Japan, very early in the morning, but I got to watch Simon drive one of the greatest races in the history of the sport. I will see them both, & TEAM, at the WH!
The Great Patriots of Rolling Thunder WILL be coming back to Washington, D. C. next year, & hopefully for many years to come. It is where they want to be, & where they should be. Have a wonderful time today. Thank you to our great men & women of the Pentagon for working it out!
“Why doesn’t the press apologize to President Trump for the Russian Collusion Delusion?” How about the Dems also?
Thank you! #POTUSinJapan 🇺 🇸 🇯 🇵
Tonight in Tokyo, Japan at the Ryōgoku Kokugikan Stadium, it was my great honor to present the first-ever U. S. President’s Cup to Sumo Grand Champion Asanoyama. Congratulations! A great time had by all, thank you!!
Great progress being made in our Trade Negotiations with Japan. Agriculture and beef heavily in play. Much will wait until after their July elections where I anticipate big numbers!
Great fun and meeting with Prime Minister. Numerous Japanese officials told me that the Democrats would rather see the United States fail than see me or the Republican Party succeed - Death Wish!
RT: 令和初の国賓としてお迎えしたトランプ大統領と千葉でゴルフです 。 新しい令和の時代も日米同盟をさらに揺るぎないものとしていきたいと考えています 。
Great morning of golf with Prime Minister at Mobara Country Club in Chiba, Japan!
RT: Welcome back to Japan, Mr. President! #POTUSinJapan #Alliance トランプ大統領 、 日本へようこそ ！ 🇺 🇸 🇯 🇵
North Korea fired off some small weapons, which disturbed some of my people, and others, but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me, & also smiled when he called Swampman Joe Biden a low IQ individual, & worse. Perhaps that’s sending me a signal?
Going to play golf right now with. Japan loves the game. Tremendous fans of, , and — I said what about, they said we love Gary too!
RT: President Trump and the First Lady are staying in Japan as the first State Guests of the new era “Reiwa”! TOKYO SKYTREE welc …
RT:. kicks off historic state visit by discussing ways to deepen economic ties with business leaders. #POTUSinJapan #All …
North Korea fired off some small weapons, which disturbed some of my people, and others, but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me, & also smiled when he called Swampman Joe Bidan a low IQ individual, & worse. Perhaps that’s sending me a signal?
RT: The administration's fight for better trade deals doesn't end with China. The president is working ha …
In addition to great incompetence and corruption, The Smollett case in Chicago is also about a Hate Crime. Remember, “MAGA COUNTRY DID IT! ” That turned out to be a total lie, had nothing to do with “ MAGA COUNTRY.” Serious stuff, and not even an apology to millions of people!
RT: Dems plan a government TAKEOVER of healthcare. That means ELIMINATING private plans ( like Blue Cross / Blue Shield )! …
RT: TOMORROW: Senator splashes into to discuss his relationship with President …
RT: Democrats and the mainstream media loved to talk about transparency until they learned was declassifyin …
RT: To my fellow Americans. Part 2.
Thank you John, so nice!
Another activist Obama appointed judge has just ruled against us on a section of the Southern Wall that is already under construction. This is a ruling against Border Security and in favor of crime, drugs and human trafficking. We are asking for an expedited appeal!
RT: After arriving in Tokyo, President spoke with Japanese business leaders at the U. S. Ambassador to Japan’s …
Getting ready to land in Japan with First Lady Melania. We look forward to seeing everyone soon! 🇺 🇸 🇯 🇵
Can’t believe that Rolling Thunder would be given a hard time with permits in Washington, D. C. They are great Patriots who I have gotten to know and see in action. They love our Country and love our Flag. If I can help, I will!
Democrat Senator Mark Warner is acting and talking like he is in total control of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Their is nothing bipartisan about him. He should not be allowed to take “command” of that Committee. Too important! Remember when he spoke to the Russian jokester?
RT: " Rep. Jordan: When your focus is attacking Trump, you can't do what's best for America "
The real trade war began 30 years ago, and we lost. This is a bright new Age, the Age of Enlightenment. We don’t lose anymore!
RT: We could work together on the big problems facing America. We could solve the border crisis, lower the cost of prescriptio …
RT: Democrats are engaged in presidential obstruction. They're so desperate to stop the President that they won't help the coun …
In Alaska with our GREAT TROOPS, departing shortly for Japan!
... The Dems want a second shot at Bob Mueller, are very unhappy with the No Collusion Report. They should not be allowed to play this game any longer - no second chances - must get back to work. So bad for our Country!
... ( with many more to come ) and 2 Supreme Court Justices - we are getting into record territory! Thank you all and have a great Memorial Day Weekend.
Mitch McConnell and our Republican Senators have been very solid and strong. We have accomplished a great deal together, in particular with our Courts, 107 Federal Judges...

Departed the and am now on Air Force One with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring, on behalf of the United States, His Majesty, the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend, Prime Minister.
I am on Air Force one with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring, on behalf of the United States, His Majesty, the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend, Prime Minister.
Just spoke to Prime Minister where I congratulated him on his big political victory. He is a great man and leader for the people of India - they are lucky to have him!
Congratulations to Tom Cotton - his book, “Sacred Duty: A Solider’s Tour at Arlington National Cemetery ” just hit the best sellers list. I was at yesterday & the people there were so grateful for Tom’s inspiring portrait of “ The Old Guard.” Great job!
I don’t know why the Radical Left Democrats want Bob Mueller to testify when he just issued a 40 Million Dollar Report that states, loud & clear & for all to hear, No Collusion and No Obstruction ( how do you Obstruct a NO crime? ) Dems are just looking for trouble and a Do-Over!
“If they try to Impeach President Trump, who has done nothing wrong ( No Collusion ), they will end up getting him re-elected” Impeachment is for High Crimes and Misdemeanors. There were no High Crimes and Misdemeanors, except for those committed by the other side!
“Intelligence Agencies were used against an American President.” This should NEVER happen to a President again! Dems are furious at Robert Mueller for his findings - NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION. Now they should go back to work and legislate!
When is Twitter going to allow the very popular Conservative Voices that it has so viciously shut down, back into the OPEN? IT IS TIME!
Wow! CNN Ratings are WAY DOWN, record lows. People are getting tired of so many Fake Stories and Anti-Trump lies. Chris Cuomo was rewarded for lowest morning ratings with a prime time spot - which is failing badly and not helping the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon!
RT: Very excited to join the team! “ Fox Nation Rolls Out Slate With Tyrus, Kat Timpf, Tammy Bruce, Lawrence Jones …
RT: A great night. Thank you. ❤ ️
RT: SPEAKER ANNOUNCEMENT! Fox News Contributor Has Just Been Added To Our AMAZING Line-Up Of Speakers For #YWLS2019 …
RT: BIG: authorizes AG Barr to declassify #Spygate docs from all agencies! Coming up!
RT: FBI refuses to search text messages under FOIA. Director Wray needs to step up and stop this stonewalling that protects corr …
71 % of Voters rate the Economy as Excellent or Good. The highest number in more than 18 years!
RT: A friendly reminder from that the Main Stream Media who suffer from Trump Detangment Syndrome made this clown a …
“PELOSI STAMMERS THROUGH NEWS CONFERENCE”
RT: Congrats ⁦ ⁩ on receiving the Internet Association’s 2019 Internet Freedom Award this evening.
“Nancy Pelosi should not be out there doing the kinds of things she is doing. She will diminish herself and her membership. She cannot put a subject with a predicate in the same sentence. What’s going on?” Ed Rollins
“ Today, at the request and recommendation of the Attorney General of the United States, President Donald J. Trump directed the intelligence community to quickly and fully cooperate with the Attorney General’s investigation into surveillance activities...
... during the 2016 Presidential election. The Attorney General has also been delegated full and complete authority to declassify information pertaining to this investigation, in accordance with the long-established standards for handling classified information...
... Today’s action will help ensure that all Americans learn the truth about the events that occurred, and the actions that were taken, during the last Presidential election and will restore confidence in our public institutions. ”
Poll: A majority of Americans want the Democrats to stop investigating President Trump. The Mueller Report said very strongly NO COLLUSION, which led to NO OBSTRUCTION. The Dems can’t get over 2016 or the conclusive Mueller findings. They are now the Do Nothing Party!
The U. S. Senate has just approved a 19 Billion Dollar Disaster Relief Bill, with my total approval. Great!
We will never forget our fallen HEROES. It was our great honor to be with you today! #FlagsIn
Congratulations to Prime Minister and his BJP party on their BIG election victory! Great things are in store for the US-India partnership with the return of PM Modi at the helm. I look forward to continuing our important work together!
. and are monitoring the damaging storms and flooding in Oklahoma. Listen to the warnings of your local officials and stay safe. We are with you!
Our hearts go out to the people of Missouri as they woke up to assess the damage from storms. You are strong and resilient, and we are here to assist.
When the Democrats in Congress refinish, for the 5th time, their Fake work on their very disappointing Mueller Report finding, they will have the time to get the REAL work of the people done. Move quickly!
I was extremely calm yesterday with my meeting with Pelosi and Schumer, knowing that they would say I was raging, which they always do, along with their partner, the Fake News Media. Well, so many stories about the meeting use the Rage narrative anyway - Fake & Corrupt Press!
Rex Tillerson, a man who is “dumb as a rock” and totally ill prepared and ill equipped to be Secretary of State, made up a story ( he got fired ) that I was out-prepared by Vladimir Putin at a meeting in Hamburg, Germany. I don’t think Putin would agree. Look how the U. S. is doing!
The Democrats have become known as THE DO NOTHING PARTY!
... drug prices, pre-existing conditions and our great Vets. All they are geared up to do, six committees, is squander time, day after day, trying to find anything which will be bad for me. A pure fishing expedition like this never happened before, & it should never happen again!
The Democrats are getting nothing done in Congress. All of their effort is about a Re-Do of the Mueller Report, which didn’t turn out the way they wanted. It is not possible for them to investigate and legislate at the same time. Their heart is not into Infrastructure, lower...
RT:. faces a criminal conspiracy against him...
Democrats don’t want to fix the loopholes at the Border. They don’t want to do anything. Open Borders and crime!
Zero is getting done with the Democrats in charge of the House. All they want to do is put the Mueller Report behind them and start all over again. No Do-Overs!
In a letter to her House colleagues, Nancy Pelosi said: “President Trump had a temper tantrum for us all to see.” This is not true. I was purposely very polite and calm, much as I was minutes later with the press in the Rose Garden. Can be easily proven. It is all such a lie!
I want to welcome you all to the as we award our very bravest law enforcement officers and firefighters our nation’s highest public safety award – The Medal of Valor...
... Democrat leadership is tearing the United States apart, but I will continue to set records for the American People – and Nancy, thank you so much for your prayers, I know you truly mean it!
... But they really want a do-over! You can’t investigate and legislate simultaneously - it just doesn’t work that way. You can’t go down two tracks at the same time. Let Chuck, Nancy, Jerry, Adam and all of the rest finish playing their games...
... In the meantime, my Administration is achieving things that have never been done before, including unleashing perhaps the Greatest Economy in our Country’s history...
So sad that Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer will never be able to see or understand the great promise of our Country. They can continue the Witch Hunt which has already cost $ 40M and been a tremendous waste of time and energy for everyone in America, or get back to work...

As I have long been saying, and has now been proven out, this is a Witch Hunt against the Republican Party and myself, and it was the other side that caused the problem, not us!
.. BETWEEN RUSSIA AND THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN. Mr. McGahn can be forgiven for declining the honor of appearing in Mr. Nadler’s pseudo-impeachment drama. ” Wall Street Journal Editorial Board Today - May 21, 2019
“He ( Jerry Nadler ) wants a show. He wants to use Mr. McGahn as a prop to spend three hours claiming that Mr. Trump tried to obstruct the Mueller investigation. YET MR. MUELLER WASN’ T OBSTRUCTED IN ANY WAY, HIS COPIOUS REPORT WAS RELEASED FOR ALL TO SEE, & THERE WAS NO COLLUSION..
“The Democrats are in danger of becoming irrelevant because of their decision to keep taking the country on wild goose chases. They ought to start governing. You know, for a change.” Michael Goodwin
Everybody, including me, thought that when the 40 Million Dollar Mueller Report was released with No Collusion and No Obstruction ( of a crime caused by others ), that was the end. But no, the Democrats want to keep it going in an effort to help them in 2020. Bad for the Country!
Much of the Wall being built at the Southern Border is a complete demolition and rebuilding of old and worthless barriers with a brand new Wall and footings. Problem is, the Haters say that is not a new Wall, but rather a renovation. Wrong, and we must build where most needed...
Also, tremendous work is being done on pure renovation - fixing existing Walls that are in bad condition and ineffective, and bringing them to a very high standard!
Without the ILLEGAL Witch Hunt, my poll numbers, especially because of our historically “great” economy, would be at 65 %. Too bad! The greatest Hoax in American History.
RT: Today, tens of thousands of peace officers gathered in our nation’s capital to honor the service and sacrifice of their f …
RT: “Warrior for the western alliance” 😳 - Why does he wait 2 months to bring USA this important information?
RT: Mueller changed everything - ⁦ ⁩ #muellerdossier
RT: The only way to protect Americans serving overseas is to have their back. I am proud President Trump is standing up …
RT: Very pleased to have confirmed another conservative judge to the Ninth Circuit. Daniel Collins will be an outstanding …
RT: #ICYMI: Watch ' s opening statement from today's Government Operations Subcommittee hearing. Mr. Meadows i …
RT: Thx to Pres Trump / Amb Lighthizer & Canada / Mexico for working to get to this pt Now it’s time for Congress to do its job …
RT: Another trade breakthru 2day w Japan lifting restrictions on US beef products. US beef into Japan has been 1 of the most …
RT:.: Declassification of Russia investigation docs is " right around the corner. "
RT: This week you’ll see more efforts from Democrats to re-do the Mueller investigation — hoping this time they’ll stumble on …
RT: A question every American should ask: what on earth was the point of a taxpayer funded special counsel if we’re going t …
RT: Twitter VICIOUS censorship still hitting MAGA movement HARD. JAMES WOODS SUSPENDED DAY 32! If you think this is TOTAL BS, …
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The Democrats are getting ZERO work done in Congress. All they are focused on is trying to prove the Mueller Report wrong, the Witch Hunt!
After two years of an expensive and comprehensive Witch Hunt, the Democrats don’t like the result and they want a DO OVER. In other words, the Witch Hunt continues!
Everything the Democrats are asking me for is based on an illegally started investigation that failed for them, especially when the Mueller Report came back with a NO COLLUSION finding. Now they say Impeach President Trump, even though he did nothin wrong, while they “fish!”
Congratulations to Governor on winning the Republican Primary for Governor tonight in the Great State of KENTUCKY. Matt, you are doing a fantastic job!
Great news for Republicans: Fred Keller has just won the hard fought for Pennsylvania Congressional contest in a LANDSLIDE, over 70 % of the vote. Thanks to the thousands who showed up for the Rally last night. Congratulations to Fred and his wonderful family!
John Brennan on the Mueller probe, “I don’t know if I received bad information, but I THINK I SUSPECTED THAT THERE WAS MORE THAN THERE ACTUALLY WAS.” Wow, he admits he was wrong! Congress should go back to work on drug prices etc.
The Democrats are on a fishing expedition, wanting to interview the same people, and see the same things, as we just went through for two years with Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Dems. Never happened to a president before. Never even happened to President Obama!
After spending 40 Million Dollars, reviewing 1.4 million pages of documents, & interviewing 500 people with the total support of the White House, the Mueller Report was a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT to the Democrats, so they want a DO OVER. It doesn’t work that way-so bad for our Country!
Shahira Knight has done a wonderful job as my Legislative Affairs Director at the White House. She was outstanding for us and for our Country - will be a tremendous success in the private sector!
Wow, Mark Levin’s new book opened at # 1. It is great – keep it there for a long time!
Johnny, we will miss you – you did a great job!
So even though I didn’t have to do it with Presidential Privilege, I allowed everyone to testify, including White House Counsel Don McGahn ( for over 30 hours ), to Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Trump-Hating Democrats, and they arrived...
... at a conclusion of NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION! The Dems were unhappy with the outcome of the $ 40M Mueller Report, so now they want a do-over.
I am pleased to announce my nomination of Barbara Barrett of Arizona, and former Chairman of the Aerospace Corporation, to be the next Secretary of the Air Force. She will be an outstanding Secretary! #FlyFightWin
Pennsylvania - Don’t forget to get out and VOTE TODAY for Republican Fred Keller for Congress. Fred is Strong on Crime, Second Amendment, Military, Vets, and Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
... Mexico’s attitude is that people from other countries, including Mexico, should have the right to flow into the U. S. & that U. S. taxpayers should be responsible for the tremendous costs associated w / this illegal migration. Mexico is wrong and I will soon be giving a response!
I am very disappointed that Mexico is doing virtually nothing to stop illegal immigrants from coming to our Southern Border where everyone knows that because of the Democrats, our Immigration Laws are totally flawed & broken...
To the great people of Kentucky, please go out and vote for Matt Bevin today. Very important. He has done a fantastic job for you and America! #MAGA
RT: Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Representative. Now he is running as the …
RT: Megan King, who is running for Superior Court Judge in the Pennsylvania election, has my Full and Total Endorsement. S …
Just returned to the beautiful after a great evening in Pennsylvania!
Megan King, who is running for Superior Court Judge in the Pennsylvania election, has my Full and Total Endorsement. She is tough on crime and fully understands all aspects of the law. Vote for Megan tomorrow ( Tuesday ).
Massive crowds in Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you for joining me!
Beautiful evening for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally tonight in Pennsylvania. Thank you, I love you! #MAGA
Landing shortly in Montoursville, Pennsylvania - see everyone shortly!
Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Representative. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will do a fantastic job - I look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA
See you tonight at 7:00 P. M. Eastern, Montoursville, Pennsylvania! #MAGA
The Fake News put out a typically false statement, without any knowledge that the United States was trying to set up a negotiation with Iran. This is a false report...
... Iran will call us if and when they are ever ready. In the meantime, their economy continues to collapse - very sad for the Iranian people!
On this Cuban Independence Day, we stand by the people of Cuba in their quest for freedom, democracy and prosperity. The Cuban regime must end its repression of Cubans & Venezuelans. The United States will not stand idly by as Cuba continues to subvert democracy in the Americas!
Looks like Bernie Sanders is history. Sleepy Joe Biden is pulling ahead and think about it, I ’ m only here because of Sleepy Joe and the man who took him off the 1 % trash heap, President O! China wants Sleepy Joe BADLY!
Why are the Democrats not looking into all of the crimes committed by Crooked Hillary and the phony Russia Investigation? They would get back their credibility. Jerry Nadler, Schiff, would have a whole new future open to them. Perhaps they could even run for President!
“We have a booming economy, and working people are making gains that they haven’t seen in decades.” Stuart Varney
Two Tweets missing from last batch, probably a Twitter error. No time for a redo! Only the Dems get redos!
... was very good and highly professional to deal with - and if for any reason I didn’t like them, I would have gone elsewhere... there was always plenty of money around and banks to choose from. They would be very happy to take my money. Fake News!
The Failing New York Times ( it will pass away when I leave office in 6 years ), and others of the Fake News Media, keep writing phony stories about how I didn’t use many banks because they didn’t want to do business with me. WRONG! It is because I didn’t need money. Very old
... fashioned, but true. When you don’t need or want money, you don’t need or want banks. Banks have always been available to me, they want to make money. Fake Media only says this to disparage, and always uses unnamed sources ( because their sources don’t even exist )...
The Mainstream Media has never been as corrupt and deranged as it is today. FAKE NEWS is actually the biggest story of all and is the true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE! That’s why they refuse to cover the REAL Russia Hoax. But the American people are wise to what is going on...
... Now the new big story is that Trump made a lot of money and buys everything for cash, he doesn’t need banks. But where did he get all of that cash? Could it be Russia? No, I built a great business and don’t need banks, but if I did they would be there... and DeutscheBank...
RT: God Bless President Trump - - - Iran's so called leaders must think they're dealing with Bush or Obama. #MAGA #AmericaFirst #Do …
The Mainstream Media hates to cover this!
Starting Monday, our great Farmers can begin doing business again with Mexico and Canada. They have both taken the tariff penalties off of your great agricultural product. Please be sure that you are treated fairly. Any complaints should immediately go to Perdue!
A great win for Brooks. Congratulations to a great champion!
RT: I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 9:00 P. M. on. Enjoy!
Hard to believe that is wasting airtime on Mayor Pete, as Chris Wallace likes to call him. Fox is moving more and more to the losing ( wrong ) side in covering the Dems. They got dumped from the Democrats boring debates, and they just want in. They forgot the people...
... who got them there. Chris Wallace said, “I actually think, whether you like his opinions or not, that Mayor Pete has a lot of substance... fascinating biography.” Gee, he never speaks well of me - I like Mike Wallace better... and Alfred E. Newman will never be President!
I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 9:00 P. M. on. Enjoy!
If Iran wants to fight, that will be the official end of Iran. Never threaten the United States again!
False reporting yesterday. “There are no plans to send migrants to Northern or Coastal Border facilities, including Florida.” Not by airplanes or any other way. Our Country is FULL, will not, and can not, take you in!
Our Economy and Jobs Market is BOOMING, the best in the World and in our Country’s history - and we have just started!
With the wonderful College, University and other Graduations taking place all over the USA, there has never been a better time than now to graduate. Best jobs market ever, great housing and financing. Go out there, work hard, & have a GREAT life. You deserve it. Congratulations!
I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 8: 00 P. M. on. Enjoy!
Watched some of the Fake News Political Shows this morning and continue to be amazed at how every question is asked in the most negative way. The Mainstream Media should be ashamed of itself - But the good news is that the USA is wise to your game of dishonesty and deception!
Never a fan of, a total lightweight who opposes me and some of our great Republican ideas and policies just for the sake of getting his name out there through controversy. If he actually read the biased Mueller Report, “composed” by 18 Angry Dems who hated Trump,...
... he would see that it was nevertheless strong on NO COLLUSION and, ultimately, NO OBSTRUCTION... Anyway, how do you Obstruct when there is no crime and, in fact, the crimes were committed by the other side? Justin is a loser who sadly plays right into our opponents hands!
... Conditions, drug prices down for first time in 51 years ( & soon will drop much further ), Right to Try, protecting your 2nd Amendment, big Tax & Reg Cuts, 3.2 GDP, Strong Foreign Policy, & much much more that nobody else would have been able to do. Our Country is doing GREAT!
For all of the Fake News Sunday Political Shows, whose bias & dishonesty is greater than ever seen in our Country before, please inform your viewers that our Economy is setting records, with more people employed today than at any time in U. S. history, our Military, which...
... was a depleted disaster, will soon be stronger than ever before, our Vets are finally being taken care of and now have Choice, our Courts will have 145 great new Judges, and 2 Supreme Court Justices, got rid of the disastrous Individual Mandate & will protect Pre-Existing...
... Federal Judges ( many more to come ), two great new Supreme Court Justices, the Mexico City Policy, and a whole new & positive attitude about the Right to Life. The Radical Left, with late term abortion ( and worse ), is imploding on this issue. We must stick together and Win...
... for Life in 2020. If we are foolish and do not stay UNITED as one, all of our hard fought gains for Life can, and will, rapidly disappear!
As most people know, and for those who would like to know, I am strongly Pro-Life, with the three exceptions - Rape, Incest and protecting the Life of the mother - the same position taken by Ronald Reagan. We have come very far in the last two years with 105 wonderful new...
Courts & Dems in Congress, neither of which have a clue, are trying to FORCE migrants into our Country! OUR COUNTRY IS FULL, OUR DETENTION CENTERS, HOSPITALS & SCHOOLS ARE PACKED. Crazy!
RT: Will Jerry Nadler ever look into the fact that Crooked Hillary deleted and acid washed 33,000 emails AFTER getting a m …
RT: My Campaign for President was conclusively spied on. Nothing like this has ever happened in American Politics. A reall …
RT: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT: All people that are illegally coming into the United States now will be removed from our Country at a later date as we …
RT: Never in American history has there been such a spy effort against a candidate ( ) and abuse of power targeti …
RT: Now THIS is obstruction: FBI notes: " Hillary cover up operation work ticket archive cleanup. " FBI knew of cover-up related …
RT: Sure enough, Weissmann had key role in hiring the " 13 angry Democrats " for Mueller harassment operation - - …
RT: Comey has significant potential criminal liability for his Spygate targeting of. ht …
Thank you Dan!
Word is out that book is GREAT!
RT: If he’s anything like Trump congratulations to you all. You have a leader who loves your country and will pu …
Congratulations to Scott on a GREAT WIN!
Our courageous and vigilant Armed Forces safeguard the blessings of liberty for us and for future generations by selflessly answering the call of duty. Today, and every day, we acknowledge and celebrate all who proudly wear our Nation’s uniforms!
Consumer Sentiment in the month of May is the highest in 15 years. Very nice!
Today, it was my great honor to address the the National Association of REALTORS!
With all of the Fake and Made Up News out there, Iran can have no idea what is actually going on!
It now seems the General Flynn was under investigation long before was common knowledge. It would have been impossible for me to know this but, if that was the case, and with me being one of two people who would become president, why was I not told so that I could make a change?
The Fake News Media is hurting our Country with its fraudulent and highly inaccurate coverage of Iran. It is scattershot, poorly sourced ( made up ), and DANGEROUS. At least Iran doesn’t know what to think, which at this point may very well be a good thing!
Will Jerry Nadler ever look into the fact that Crooked Hillary deleted and acid washed 33,000 emails AFTER getting a most powerful demand notice for them from Congress?
My Campaign for President was conclusively spied on. Nothing like this has ever happened in American Politics. A really bad situation. TREASON means long jail sentences, and this was TREASON!
New Fox Poll: 58 % of people say that the FBI broke the law in investigating Donald J. Trump.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
“What happened is that Donald Trump won. Down goes Comey.”
Will the Democrats give our Country a badly needed immigration win before the election? Good chance!
All people that are illegally coming into the United States now will be removed from our Country at a later date as we build up our removal forces and as the laws are changed. Please do not make yourselves too comfortable, you will be leaving soon!
Border Patrol is apprehending record numbers of people at the Southern Border. The bad “hombres,” of which there are many, are being detained & will be sent home. Those which we release under the ridiculous Catch & Telease loophole, are being registered and will be removed later!
The Democrats now realize that there is a National Emergency at the Border and that, if we work together, it can be immediately fixed. We need Democrat votes and all will be well!
. is the worst Mayor in the history of New York City - he won’t last long!
RT: “ America’s last major overhaul of our legal admissions policy was 54 YEARS ago. Think of that. So a major update, and that ' …
RT: " Our plan includes a sweeping modernization of our dysfunctional legal immigration process... The system will finally be …
We are here on this beautiful spring day to unveil our plan to create a fair, modern & LAWFUL system of immigration for the U. S. If adopted, our plan will transform America’s immigration system into the pride of our Nation and the envy of the modern world.
Congratulations to Dan Bishop on his big Republican Primary victory in the 9th Congressional District of North Carolina. Dan is strong on Crime, Loves our Military, Vets, 2A, and great Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGA
RT: The Fake News Washington Post, and even more Fake News New York Times, are writing stories that there is infighting wi …
RT:... Different opinions are expressed and I make a decisive and final decision - it is a very simple process. All sides …
The Dems are getting another beauty to join their group. Bill de Blasio of NYC, considered the worst mayor in the U. S., will supposedly be making an announcement for president today. He is a JOKE, but if you like high taxes & crime, he’s your man. NYC HATES HIM!
RT: Tonight, the White House was lit in blue in honor of Peace Officers Memorial Day.
RT: Ahead of the this week, and joined us at in support of! …
The Fake News Washington Post, and even more Fake News New York Times, are writing stories that there is infighting with respect to my strong policy in the Middle East. There is no infighting whatsoever...
... Different opinions are expressed and I make a decisive and final decision - it is a very simple process. All sides, views, and policies are covered. I ’ m sure that Iran will want to talk soon.
We stand firmly, strongly, and proudly with the incredible men and women of law enforcement. You do not hear it nearly enough, but Americans across this Country love you, support you, and respect you more than you could possibly know! #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay
The courage & sacrifice of our heroes is the reason our flag stands tall, our hearts beat with pride, and our Country remains one people, one family, and one NATION UNDER GOD. Today, we thank you, we honor you, & we forever cherish the memory of our Fallen Men and Women in Blue!
Thank you Joe and remember, the BRAIN is much sharper also!
RT: Very proud of - he is going an amazing job! Trump Average Approval Ratings Skyrocket To Highest Point In Y …
RT: Spare me? First you have never created a job in your life. Second, our great city has gone to shit under your leadership. Cr …
The golden era of American energy is now underway!
With incredible grit, skill, and pride, the 7,000 workers here at Sempra Energy are helping lead the American Energy Revolution. They are not only making our nation WEALTHIER but they are making America SAFER by building a future of American Energy INDEPENDENCE!
It is great to be here in Hackberry, Louisiana with the incredible men and women who are making America into the energy superpower of the world!
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the opening of the United States Embassy in Jerusalem, Israel. Our beautiful embassy stands as a proud reminder of our strong relationship with Israel and of the importance of keeping a promise and standing for the truth.
When Prime Minister of Japan visited with me in the two weeks ago, I told him that I would be going to the G20 in Osaka, Japan. I look forward to being with him and other World Leaders!
Our great Senator ( and Star ) from the State of Arkansas, , has just completed a wonderful book, “Sacred Duty,” about Arlington National Cemetery and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today, make it big!
China will be pumping money into their system and probably reducing interest rates, as always, in order to make up for the business they are, and will be, losing. If the Federal Reserve ever did a “match,” it would be game over, we win! In any event, China wants a deal!
Our great Senator ( and Star ) from the State of Arkansas, , has just completed a wonderful book, “Sacred Duty,” about Arlington National Cemetary and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today, make it big!
Our great Patriot Farmers will be one of the biggest beneficiaries of what is happening now. Hopefully China will do us the honor of continuing to buy our great farm product, the best, but if not your Country will be making up the difference based on a very high China buy...
... This money will come from the massive Tariffs being paid to the United States for allowing China, and others, to do business with us. The Farmers have been “forgotten” for many years. Their time is now!
When the time is right we will make a deal with China. My respect and friendship with President Xi is unlimited but, as I have told him many times before, this must be a great deal for the United States or it just doesn’t make any sense. We have to be allowed to make up some...
... of the tremendous ground we have lost to China on Trade since the ridiculous one sided formation of the WTO. It will all happen, and much faster than people think!
We can make a deal with China tomorrow, before their companies start leaving so as not to lose USA business, but the last time we were close they wanted to renegotiate the deal. No way! We are in a much better position now than any deal we could have made. Will be taking in...
Billions of Dollars, and moving jobs back to the USA where they belong. Other countries are already negotiating with us because they don’t want this to happen to them. They must be a part of USA action. This should have been done by our leaders many years ago. Enjoy!
... so that they will be more competitive for USA buyers. We are now a much bigger economy than China, and have substantially increased in size since the great 2016 Election. We are the “piggy bank” that everyone wants to raid and take advantage of. NO MORE!
China buys MUCH less from us than we buy from them, by almost 500 Billion Dollars, so we are in a fantastic position. Make your product at home in the USA and there is no Tariff. You can also buy from a non-Tariffed country instead of China. Many companies are leaving China...
In one year Tariffs have rebuilt our Steel Industry - it is booming! We placed a 25 % Tariff on “dumped” steel from China & other countries, and we now have a big and growing industry. We had to save Steel for our defense and auto industries, both of which are coming back strong!
I met Marine Sgt. John Peck, a quadruple amputee who has received a double arm transplant, at Walter Reed in 2017. Today, it was my honor to welcome John ( HERO ) to the Oval, with his wonderful wife Jessica. He also wrote a book that I highly recommend, “Rebuilding Sergeant Peck.”
Wishing former President Jimmy Carter a speedy recovery from his hip surgery earlier today. He was in such good spirits when we spoke last month - he will be fine!
Great to welcome Chairman Shin from Lotte Group to the WH. They just invested $ 3.1 BILLION into Louisiana-biggest investment in U. S. EVER from a South Korean company, & thousands more jobs for Americans. Great partners like ROK know the U. S. economy is running stronger than ever!
Today, I officially updated my budget to include $ 18 million for our GREAT, whose athletes inspire us and make our Nation so PROUD!
We must protect our Great Lakes, keeping them clean and beautiful for future generations. That’s why I am fighting for $ 300 million in my updated budget for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative.
Under my Administration, we are restoring to greatness and we are going back to the Moon, then Mars. I am updating my budget to include an additional $ 1.6 billion so that we can return to Space in a BIG WAY!
My Administration will be fighting for $ 200 million for the Army Corps Everglades restoration work this year. Congress needs to help us complete the world’s largest intergovernmental watershed restoration project ASAP! Good for Florida and good for the environment.
RT: This afternoon, President Trump welcomed Prime Minister Viktor Orban of Hungary to the Oval Office.
.. There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China, very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U. S. for so many years, that they are way ahead ( Our Presidents did not do the job ). Therefore, China should not retaliate-will only get worse!
There is no reason for the U. S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs, which take effect on China today. This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U. S., 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree. Also, the Tariffs can be...
... completely avoided if you buy from a non-Tariffed Country, or you buy the product inside the USA ( the best idea ). That’s Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. That’s why China wants to make a deal so badly!...
Democrat Rep. Tlaib is being slammed for her horrible and highly insensitive statement on the Holocaust. She obviously has tremendous hatred of Israel and the Jewish people. Can you imagine what would happen if I ever said what she said, and says?
Bernie Sanders, “The Economy is doing well, and I ’ m sure I don’t have to give Trump any credit - I ’ m sure he’ll take all the credit that he wants.” Wrong Bernie, the Economy is doing GREAT, and would have CRASHED if my opponent ( and yours ), Crooked Hillary Clinton, had ever won!
RT: Asian Americans are winning with: 2.1 % unemployment rate – the lowest in history! Asian taxpayers re …
RT: Joe Biden let China get away with cheating when he was Vice President, and he continues to naively dismiss China today. …
Has anyone noticed that all the Boston have done is WIN since coming to the White House! Others also have done very well. The White House visit is becoming the opposite of being on the cover of Sports Illustrated! By the way, the Boston players were GREAT guys!
The unexpectedly good first quarter 3.2 % GDP was greatly helped by Tariffs from China. Some people just don’t get it!
Also, congratulations to on the great job you are doing and the big ratings jump ( “thank you President Trump” )!
Thank you, great show this morning and congratulations on your number one ( by far ) rating. Well deserved!
I say openly to President Xi & all of my many friends in China that China will be hurt very badly if you don’t make a deal because companies will be forced to leave China for other countries. Too expensive to buy in China. You had a great deal, almost completed, & you backed out!
Their is no reason for the U. S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs, which take effect on China today. This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U. S., 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree. Also, the Tariffs can be...
... completely avoided if you by from a non-Tariffed Country, or you buy the product inside the USA ( the best idea ). That’s Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. That’s why China wants to make a deal so badly!...
.. There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China, very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U. S. for so many years, that they are way ahead ( Our Presidents did not do the job ). Therefore, China should not retaliate-will only get worse!
“ It’s the attack strategy of harass. This is not about the Attorney General, who is very sophisticated & knows it isn’t about him, it’s about trying to destroy President Trump through an assault on his AG for upholding the rule of law. He released a massive amount of...
information! As long as President Trump is President, his opposition will use every tool, and misuse every tool available, to make his life miserable. ” Sadly, this proves I am doing a great job - Also, Best Economy and Employment Numbers EVER!
“ Just another abuse of power in a long series of abuses of power by the Democrats that began during the Obama Administration, continued through the Mueller FBI operation, & now the baton has been passed to Jerry Nadler to continue to abuse power to harass President Trump..
... and the Democrat National Committee-The Democrat Party apparatus-has been caught using donor Dollars to Collude with Russian Intelligence to attack a domestic political opponent ( me ). The FBI has no leadership. The Director is protecting the same gang... that tried to...
... overthrow the President through an illegal coup. ” ( Recommended by previous DOJ )
“Even Director James Clapper admits that the FBI actions against the Trump Presidential Campaign do in fact meet the definition of spying, perhaps FBI Director Christopher Wray will be the next to do so.”
China is DREAMING that Sleepy Joe Biden, or any of the others, gets elected in 2020. They LOVE ripping off America!
The “Constitutional Crisis” is the Democrats refusing to work. Let them start by fixing the mess that their Immigration Laws have caused at the Southern Border.
When the Mueller Report came out showing NO Collusion with Russia ( of course ), it was supposed to be over, back to work for the people. But the Dems have gone “nuts,” and it has actually gotten worse! Hope the Republicans win back the House in 2020, or little will get done!
Ever since the Mueller Report showed No Collusion & No Obstruction, the Dems have been working overtime to damage me and the Republican Party by issuing over 80 demands for documents and testimonies, and with NO REASON. That’s all they want to do - don’t care about anything else!
Despite two years and millions of dollars spent, the Democrats are acting like crazed lunatics ever since the results of the Mueller Report were made public. But they knew there was NOTHING even before the Report was started. It is all a big Hoax, the biggest in American history!
The Democrats new and pathetically untrue sound bite is that we are in a “Constitutional Crisis.” They and their partner, the Fake News Media, are all told to say this as loud and as often as possible. They are a sad JOKE! We may have the strongest Economy in our history, best...
... employment numbers ever, low taxes & regulations, a rebuilt military & V. A., many great new judges, & so much more. But we have had a giant SCAM perpetrated upon our nation, a Witch Hunt, a Treasonous Hoax. That is the Constitutional Crisis & hopefully guilty people will pay!
We are right where we want to be with China. Remember, they broke the deal with us & tried to renegotiate. We will be taking in Tens of Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China. Buyers of product can make it themselves in the USA ( ideal ), or buy it from non-Tariffed countries...
... We will then spend ( match or better ) the money that China may no longer be spending with our Great Patriot Farmers ( Agriculture ), which is a small percentage of total Tariffs received, and distribute the food to starving people in nations around the world! GREAT! #MAGA
RT: The effect on the 2020 Senate Map: Chuck Schumer is 0-7 in recruiting Senate challengers!
RT: Republicans and are delivering for Americans: * 6M new jobs * Unemployment at 3.6 %, the lowest since …
RT: President put forward 4 principles to protect American patients from the financial devastation of surprise …
RT: Schiff knew. Comey knew. Obama knew. Susan Rice knew. Biden knew. Brennan knew. Clapper knew. Peter Strzok kne …
Really sad!

RT: I know he won’t do this, because obviously the political narrative is important to him and people around him, but Mueller sh …
RT:. discusses what she wrote about in her column today re: how very powerful people in DC are panicking because AG …
RT: Yap Candace! No one in their right mind believes the crazy looney toon things coming out of the left. T …
RT: Because if they acknowledge the reality that Trump is neither of those things, they would be essentially …
Big attacks on Republicans and Conservatives by Social Media. Not good!

Think of it. I became President of the United States in one of the most hard fought and consequential elections in the history of our great nation. From long before I ever took office, I was under a sick & unlawful investigation concerning what has become known as the Russian...
... Hoax. My campaign was being seriously spied upon by intel agencies and the Democrats. This never happened before in American history, and it all turned out to be a total scam, a Witch Hunt, that yielded No Collusion, No Obstruction. This must never be allowed to happen again!
RT: Under the leadership of Trump our economy is roaring. Businesses large and small have created more than 5.8 million jobs, un …
“ The Democrats have nothing. Just want to distract from this President. The FBI was not doing its job, the State Department was covering things up everyday for Hillary. At the end of the day they’re fearful of what they did, and should be fearful. This is a tough...
... President who is willing to have the battle, and we have a great Attorney General who is willing to lead the battle, and they are going to get to the bottom of it. ”
RT: Such an easy way to avoid Tariffs? Make or produce your goods and products in the good old USA. It’s very simple!
RT: I think that China felt they were being beaten so badly in the recent negotiation that they may as well wait around fo …
RT:... The only problem is that they know I am going to win ( best economy & employment numbers in U. S. history, & much mo …
RT: Democratic leaders don't want to talk about the criminal conspiracy their party was involved in related to the illegal spyin …
RT: An Ohio manufacturing CEO explains that cracking down on China has meant stability and predictability for his business. …
I was NOT going to fire Bob Mueller, and did not fire Bob Mueller. In fact, he was allowed to finish his Report with unprecedented help from the Trump Administration. Actually, lawyer Don McGahn had a much better chance of being fired than Mueller. Never a big fan!
... The only problem is that they know I am going to win ( best economy & employment numbers in U. S. history, & much more ), and the deal will become far worse for them if it has to be negotiated in my second term. Would be wise for them to act now, but love collecting BIG TARIFFS!
I think that China felt they were being beaten so badly in the recent negotiation that they may as well wait around for the next election, 2020, to see if they could get lucky & have a Democrat win - in which case they would continue to rip-off the USA for $ 500 Billion a year...
So now the Radical Left Dems don’t talk about Collusion anymore, because the Mueller Report said there was No Collusion, they only want to talk about Obstruction, even though there was No Obstruction or No Crime - except for the crimes committed by the other side!
I won the 2016 Election partially based on no Tax Returns while I am under audit ( which I still am ), and the voters didn’t care. Now the Radical Left Democrats want to again relitigate this matter. Make it a part of the 2020 Election!
Such an easy way to avoid Tariffs? Make or produce your goods and products in the good old USA. It’s very simple!
RT: If she was part of Russia 2016 campaign operation, odd that Mueller wasn't interested... RT: She was a …
RT: Love how Comey and Baker trying to get out there ahead of FISA report. But sorry, boys. Barr doesn’t give a rip about public o …
RT: Sen.: “ Large quantities of drugs are smuggled across the border. Isn’t that right? " Border Patrol Chief: “ That i …
RT: Exactly.
RT: More than 1,000 Conservatives Rally at Philly Planned Parenthood Where Unhinged Dem Bullied Pro-Lifers
RT: Reminder: this guy is still on Twitter. Laura Loomer is not. The solution is not to ban this anti-Semite. The goal is to have …
RT: The FBI should be ASHAMED! They used unverified OPPOSITION research to get a FISA warrant to SPY on an American citizen?! They …
RT: Are Democratic voters really fooled by this show? Jerry Nadler’s strategy clearly aims at provoking a confrontation for polit …
RT: If you were & had already testified for 30 + hours about same damn singular meeting at #TrumpTower wouldn …
RT: Of all the radical ideas in the D primary, this may be the most radical. This is a magnet that will make more people ente …
RT: Despite spending millions and countless hours on an investigation that found NOTHING, some want to keep this nonsense goi …
RT:. Kevin McCarthy says GOP-led Senate Intelligence Committee was wrong to subpoena Donald Trump Jr.
RT: Chuck Grassley: " I think about the time that he [ Trump Jr. ] spent hours w / our staff & testimony... everything post the Mue …
RT: Senate Intel subpoenas. He’s already testified for 25 hours. But they’re bringing him back based on Micha …
RT: Serving a subpoena to Don Trump Jr. — a private citizen who voluntarily testified before 3 Congressional committees for 2 …
RT: Speaking to reporters just now calls for an end to the Senate intel investigation. As we’ve heard from …
RT: The Russia investigation is over. After 2 years of Dem & media hysteria, after millions of dollars, after 2800 subpoenas, the …
RT: I sure wish Sen Richard Burr was as interested in Biden's cushy deals w / Ukraine & China while VP than he is in the ha …
RT: Hard to justify Senate subpoena of. After two years of investigations by Mueller, Senate & House as well a …
RT: Case closed! The Mueller Report has cleared and the dems are now making this all about politics. Let’s mov …
RT: " I think it’s all about trying to destroy Bill Barr because Democrats are nervous he’s going to get to the bottom of everythi …
RT: While is standing up to China’s unfair trade practices, Joe Biden says they are not “ competition for us …
RT: It's very concerning a U. S. Senate Committee would subpoena after he already testified for hours before a S …
RT:. joins the ranks of Republican lawmakers criticizing Sen. Richard Burr ( R-NC ) for keeping the Collusion Hoax al …
RT: “This is crazy... China not being a threat? [ Biden is ] so out of touch.” -
RT: FBI's Steele story falls apart: False intel and media contacts were flagged before FISA | ⁦ ⁩
RT: Sean Hannity slams: “ Are you a collusion truther? How many times do you want Donald Trump Jr. and other peop …
RT: When it comes to China, they will never change their behavior until someone stands up to them. I ’ m proud of President …
RT:. goes off on Republican for continuing to issue subpoenas after Mitch McConnell …
RT: This is a very important story.
RT: I don't know, have never met or spoken w /, but his being subpoenaed by Senate Intel AFTER SC report finds n …
RT: Mike Huckabee: " Did senators forget that Trump Jr. answered the questions already? " via
RT:. harasses with another subpoena while excusing unprecedented corruption targeting …
RT: Because his family is on their payroll...
RT: If Sen Burr didn't get enough flesh out of in the 1st 29 hrs of hammering, then hold him back a grade …
RT: Bill Barr used two frightening terms when he testified in front of the Senate last month: - Unauthorized surveillance - Poli …
RT: Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
RT: Nolte: Trump's Job Approval Booms to Highest Mark Since Inauguration via
RT: For years, China has engaged in unfair trade practices. While the US-China relationship is important, i …
RT: Why is this not the # 1 news on every major news outlet tonight? President Trump’s Admin secured a historic donation of H …
RT: Will stand behind President and his team as he insists on a great deal with China. It’s our last …
RT: When it comes to China, we must be willing to accept short term pain for long term gain. Stick to y …
RT: We've added 6 MILLION jobs since’s election, unemployment is at record lows & wages are on the rise. O …
RT: The evidence is mounting that Comey deceived the FISA court concerning the Steele dossier. State did a quick verification …
RT: Trump Economy vs Obama Economy Manufacturing jobs created: Trump: 470,000 Obama: -206,000 Under Obama, unemployment decli …
RT: BREAKING: The father of one of the STEM School Highlands Ranch shooters was a * criminal illegal alien from Mexico * who wa …
RT: Very proud to have a President do what what he said he was going to do. For decades now has been signa …
RT: ICYMI: Mueller Report Was A Political Tool To Attack President via @ …
RT: DNC Worked With Russian Intel to Overthrow President. THIS is why we have the abusive contempt attack on AG …
RT: List of Hillary's spies. Deep State DOJ redacted Bruce Ohr's list of " intermediaries " used by Obama-Clinton-DNC's Fusion GPS …
RT: Today's show: Congress Believes Everything is a Disaster and Emergency Except for the Border
RT: A federal court granted discovery on Clinton emails because the court wanted answers about the cover-up. And …
RT: Of course, there's a #NationalEmergency on the border. is absolutely right about the border crisis and shou …
RT: FBI Official: Barack Obama's White House Was A " Repository " For Hillary Clinton's Emails -
RT: Coming up!
RT: The Mueller probe has concluded, after vast effort, that there was no collusion. Senate Intel subpoena to s …
RT: BREAKING: New emails show Obama WH orchestrated Clinton email coverup; Illegal spying on biggest corruption …
RT: I agree with Leader McConnell: this case is closed. The Mueller Report cleared and he’s already spent 27 …
RT: Please watch and share this testimony from Carla Provost, , Chief of the US Border Patrol about the ongoing cr …
RT: Today Twitter crossed the line & Suspended the Conservative run account without explanati …
RT: SPYGATE CRIMES: Nadler abuse targeting AG Barr and designed to distract from the fact that the DNC / Dem Part …
RT: The re-election campaign has reported more female donors than any other candidate – and it’s not even c …
RT:... If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more …
RT: Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much e …
Military spouses share an admirable legacy of unwavering devotion to their loved ones in uniform and to the cause of freedom. On Military Spouse Day, we honor our Nation’s military spouses and express our deep appreciation for all that they do!
Over the course of the past two days, the United States and China have held candid and constructive conversations on the status of the trade relationship between both countries. The relationship between President Xi and myself remains a very strong one, and conversations...
... into the future will continue. In the meantime, the United States has imposed Tariffs on China, which may or may not be removed depending on what happens with respect to future negotiations!
Great Republican vote today on Disaster Relief Bill. We will now work out a bipartisan solution that gets relief for our great States and Farmers. Thank you to all. Get me a Bill that I can quickly sign!
“We have been engaged in an unfair relationship with China for a long time. They have reneged on the commitments they made to the WTO, particularly around intellectual property.” Carly Fiorina
Looks to me like it’s going to be SleepyCreepy Joe over Crazy Bernie. Everyone else is fading fast!
RT: Republicans must stick together!
Great Consumer Price Index just out. Really good, very low inflation! We have a great chance to “really rock!” Good numbers all around.
Your all time favorite President got tired of waiting for China to help out and start buying from our FARMERS, the greatest anywhere in the World!
Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
... If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!
Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
The average 401 ( k ) balance has SOARED since the bottom of the market - 466 %. Wow!
Tariffs will make our Country MUCH STRONGER, not weaker. Just sit back and watch! In the meantime, China should not renegotiate deals with the U. S. at the last minute. This is not the Obama Administration, or the Administration of Sleepy Joe, who let China get away with “murder!”
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier & quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
... The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25 % on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U. S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods & products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy...
... agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor & starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25 % on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods & products. These massive payments go directly to the Treasury of the U. S...
V. P. Mike Pence will be interviewed on at 7:30 A. M. Enjoy!
We have lost 500 Billion Dollars a year, for many years, on Crazy Trade with China. NO MORE!
... The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25 % on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U. S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods & products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy...
... agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor & starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier & quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
... If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier & quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
... agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor & starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier & quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
... If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!
Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25 % on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods & products. These massive payments go directly to the Treasury of the U. S...
... The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25 % on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U. S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods & products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy...
Republicans must stick together!
James Comey is a disgrace to the FBI & will go down as the worst Director in its long and once proud history. He brought the FBI down, almost all Republicans & Democrats thought he should be FIRED, but the FBI will regain greatness because of the great men & women who work there!
RT: President Trump is committed to protecting patients and their families from surprise medical bills. Hospitals and insurance …
RT: President hosted the 2018 World Series Champions, the Boston, at the White House!
RT: Awesome!!! 👏
RT: Why do Democrats keeping fixating on the same Russia collusion lies? Because they don’t want to admit that: - our econom …
RT: HANNITY IS ON LIVE with The Great One! We’ll break down the Democrats’ disregard for the rule of law and Hi …
RT: D's bill on the floor today has nothing to do w / pre-existing conditions. But it will prevent states from reducing the pric …
RT: We reached a new low in deceitful politics today. The lies about protection for pre-existing conditions continue. Th …
RT: Great to be at R & J Johnson Farms in Glyndon, Minnesota today! Since the earliest days of our administration, has promised t …
House Republicans should not vote for the BAD DEMOCRAT Disaster Supplemental Bill which hurts our States, Farmers & Border Security. Up for vote tomorrow. We want to do much better than this. All sides keep working and send a good BILL for immediate signing!
Today, it was my honor to welcome the 2018 World Series Champion Boston to the!
Great news today: My Administration just secured a historic donation of HIV prevention drugs from Gilead to help expand access to PrEP for the uninsured and those at risk. Will help us achieve our goal of ending the HIV epidemic in America!
After a great rally in Panama City Beach, Florida - I am returning to Washington, D. C. with and Senator, discussing the terrible abuses by Maduro. America stands with the GREAT PEOPLE of Venezuela for however long it takes!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Beautiful evening in Panama City Beach, Florida. Thank you! #MAGA
Big crowds in Panama City Beach, Florida. See everyone in 30 minutes!
Just landed in Panama City Beach, Florida for a rally beginning at 8: 00 P. M. Eastern. Will be live on! #MAGA
Big announcement today: Drug companies have to come clean about their prices in TV ads. Historic transparency for American patients is here. If drug companies are ashamed of those prices — lower them!
“The reality is, with the Tariffs, the economy has grown more rapidly in the United States and much more slowly in China.” Peter Morici, Former Chief Economist, USITC
Getting ready to leave for one of my favorite places, the Florida Panhandle, where we’ve given, and are giving, billions of $ $ $ for the devastation caused by Hurricane Michael. Even though the Dems are totally in our way ( they don’t want money to go there ) we’re getting it done!
Our Nation grieves at the unspeakable violence that took a precious young life and badly injured others in Colorado. God be with the families and thank you to the First Responders for bravely intervening. We are in close contact with Law Enforcement.
Republicans shouldn’t vote for H. R. 312, a special interest casino Bill, backed by Elizabeth ( Pocahontas ) Warren. It is unfair and doesn’t treat Native Americans equally!
... in 3 separate locations, creating another 450 jobs. I have been working nicely with GM to get this done. Thank you to Mary B, your GREAT Governor, and Senator Rob Portman. With all the car companies coming back, and much more, THE USA IS BOOMING!
GREAT NEWS FOR OHIO! Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors, who informed me that, subject to a UAW agreement etc., GM will be selling their beautiful Lordstown Plant to Workhorse, where they plan to build Electric Trucks. GM will also be spending $ 700,000, 000 in Ohio...
RT: Real estate developers in the 1980’s & 1990’s, more than 30 years ago, were entitled to massive write offs and depreci …
RT:... you would get it by building, or even buying. You always wanted to show losses for tax purposes... almost all real …
RT: “CASE CLOSED!”
“This British Spy, Christopher Steele, tried so hard to get this ( the Fake Dossier ) out before the Election. Why?”
“Everyone wants to know who needs to be accountable, because it took up two years of our lives talking about this Russian involvement. It proved No Collusion, & people want to trace it back to see how this all happened?” TREASONOUS HOAX!
Big Court win at our Southern Border! We are getting there - and Wall is being built!
“Shouldn’t 2015 and 2016 be revealed, how Intelligence Agencies, FBI, tried to sabotage a particular campaign - never been done before?”
“The real “ Obstruction of Justice ” is what the Democrats are trying to do to this Attorney General.” Congressman Jim Jordan ( R-Ohio ).
... Guess what, that’s not going to happen! China has just informed us that they ( Vice-Premier ) are now coming to the U. S. to make a deal. We’ll see, but I am very happy with over $ 100 Billion a year in Tariffs filling U. S. coffers... great for U. S., not good for China!
The reason for the China pullback & attempted renegotiation of the Trade Deal is the sincere HOPE that they will be able to “negotiate” with Joe Biden or one of the very weak Democrats, and thereby continue to ripoff the United States ( ( $ 500 Billion a year ) ) for years to come...
RT: Democrats and Republicans should be working together to lower the cost of prescription drugs. What are Democrats doing in …
RT: Today, I led my Republican colleagues in asking for the #BornAliveAct to be taken up. Dem Leadership again denied our reques …
RT: I am grateful to the millions of teachers who put their heart ( and countless hours! ) into their work. Thank you for your pas …
Real estate developers in the 1980’s & 1990’s, more than 30 years ago, were entitled to massive write offs and depreciation which would, if one was actively building, show losses and tax losses in almost all cases. Much was non monetary. Sometimes considered “tax shelter,”...
... you would get it by building, or even buying. You always wanted to show losses for tax purposes... almost all real estate developers did - and often re-negotiate with banks, it was sport. Additionally, the very old information put out is a highly inaccurate Fake News hit job!
“CASE CLOSED!”
McConnell Backs Trump: Mueller Report Is ' Case Closed ' | Breitbart via
RT: LIVE NOW: President Trump Presents the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Tiger Woods
RT: Puerto Rico has been given more money by Congress for Hurricane Disaster Relief, 91 Billion Dollars, than any State in …
RT:... Alabama, Iowa, Nebraska, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina and others unless much more money is given to Pue …
I am pleased to inform you that THE BIG FIREWORKS, after many years of not having any, are coming back to beautiful Mount Rushmore in South Dakota. Great work and! #MAGA
RT: It’s an incredible privilege to be awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Considering the recipients, history, and what …
RT: Hillary Clinton is STILL claiming the election was “stolen” from her. It wasn’t. She had a failed message and complet …
RT: BIG NEWS: Nearly HALF of’s 2020 campaign contributions this year have come from WOMEN donors. #WomenForTru …
RT: President is hard at work for the American people! #ThanksPresidentTrump #MAGA
RT: Ever wonder why the Democrats are so obsessed with Russia? They want to distract from how strong our economy is under …
He wants to impeach because they can’t win election. Sad!
' Forgotten Man ' Story: Under Trump, Red Counties Economically Thrive via
Congratulations - you are truly one of a kind!
RT: On the one year anniversary of ' initiative, Be Best, take a look back at some of the highlights! #BeBest
Democrats in Congress must vote to close the terrible loopholes at the Southern Border. If not, harsh measures will have to be taken!
Today, it was my true honor to present the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy — for the second year in a row, to the Black Knights. Congratulations once again on your historic victories, and keep on making us proud!
Congratulations!
Just spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan concerning North Korea and Trade. Very good conversation!
Puerto Rico has been given more money by Congress for Hurricane Disaster Relief, 91 Billion Dollars, than any State in the history of the U. S. As an example, Florida got $ 12 Billion & Texas $ 39 Billion for their monster hurricanes. Now the Democrats are saying NO Relief to...
... Alabama, Iowa, Nebraska, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina and others unless much more money is given to Puerto Rico. The Dems don’t want farmers to get any help. Puerto Rico should be very happy and the Dems should stop blocking much needed Disaster Relief!
Scott Walker is 100 % correct when he says that the Republicans must WAKE UP to the Democrats State by State power grab. They play very dirty, actually, like never before. Don’t allow them to get away with what they are doing!
The United States has been losing, for many years, 600 to 800 Billion Dollars a year on Trade. With China we lose 500 Billion Dollars. Sorry, we’re not going to be doing that anymore!
“Democrat Texas Congressman Al Green says impeachment is the only thing that can prevent President Trump from re-election in 2020.” In other words, Dems can’t win the election fairly. You can’t impeach a president for creating the best economy in our country’s history...
Also, there are “No High Crimes & Misdemeanors,” No Collusion, No Conspiracy, No Obstruction. ALL THE CRIMES ARE ON THE OTHER SIDE, and that’s what the Dems should be looking at, but they won’t. Nevertheless, the tables are turning!
Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President, including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history, they have stolen two years of my ( our ) Presidency ( Collusion Delusion ) that we will never be able to get back...
... The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Once again, Israel faces a barrage of deadly rocket attacks by terrorist groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad. We support Israel 100 % in its defense of its citizens...
... To the Gazan people — these terrorist acts against Israel will bring you nothing but more misery. END the violence and work towards peace - it can happen!
Pending the confirmation of Mark Morgan as our Nation’s new ICE Director, Matt Albence will serve in the role of Acting Director. Matt is tough and dedicated and has my full support to deploy ICE to the maximum extent of the law! #MAGA
Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President, including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history, they have stollen two years of my ( our ) Presidency ( Collusion Delusion ) that we will never be able to get back...
... The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT: Our economy: * 263,000 jobs in April, beating expectations. * 5.4 M jobs created since took office. * Un …
RT: After the best week ever for - no obstruction, no collusion, NYT admits did spy on his ca …
RT: Excellent decision by! No other president has had the guts to take on the China challenge. #AmericaNow …
RT: most important from interview was the London Cntr for int'l law reached out to hi …
RT: Comey’s FBI sent undercover agents to spy on’s campaign. It’s a stunning revelation of the lengths the …
“This is not Congressional Oversight, this is bullying.” Jason Riley, The Wall Street Journal
“The Report sounded an awful lot as being Comeyesque, in other words, I ’ m not going to charge this person ( there wasn’t even close to being a crime ), but I ’ m going to criticize him on the way out the door. That’s unfortunate because it’s stepping outside of the role.” Robert Ray
After spending more than $ 35,000, 000 over a two year period, interviewing 500 people, using 18 Trump Hating Angry Democrats & 49 FBI Agents - all culminating in a more than 400 page Report showing NO COLLUSION - why would the Democrats in Congress now need Robert Mueller...
... to testify. Are they looking for a redo because they hated seeing the strong NO COLLUSION conclusion? There was no crime, except on the other side ( incredibly not covered in the Report ), and NO OBSTRUCTION. Bob Mueller should not testify. No redos for the Dems!
For 10 months, China has been paying Tariffs to the USA of 25 % on 50 Billion Dollars of High Tech, and 10 % on 200 Billion Dollars of other goods. These payments are partially responsible for our great economic results. The 10 % will go up to 25 % on Friday. 325 Billions Dollars...
... of additional goods sent to us by China remain untaxed, but will be shortly, at a rate of 25 %. The Tariffs paid to the USA have had little impact on product cost, mostly borne by China. The Trade Deal with China continues, but too slowly, as they attempt to renegotiate. No!
The Kentucky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough & tumble race on a wet and sloppy track, actually, a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!
I am pleased to inform all of those that believe in a strong, fair and sound Immigration Policy that Mark Morgan will be joining the Trump Administration as the head of our hard working men and women of ICE. Mark is a true believer and American Patriot. He will do a great job!
RT: Hispanic Unemployment hit a record low today! Here’s a clip of a big Special “AMericA” airing today I chatted with a gro …
RT: Honored to be with these congregations. & I are with you. Our prayers are with you. Your resilience, your faith, and your co …
RT: Joined the pastors of Mt Pleasant Baptist Church, St. Mary Baptist Church, & Greater Union Baptist Church at what remains of Mt Pl …
RT: Judicial Watch announced it received 756 pages of newly uncovered emails that were among the materials former Secretary …
RT: JW announced that a senior FBI official admitted, in writing and under oath, that the agency found Clinton email records …
RT: Judicial Watch President breaks down a list of lawsuits that Judicial Watch has filed to get to the truth abo …
RT:. retweeted our petition! Right now, our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels & violent c …
RT: When you look at the continuous incorrect statements by Napolitano over the past 2 years, it is fair to ask FNC why they al …
The Kentuky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough and tumble race on a wet and sloppy track, actually, a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!
RT: Congratulations to on becoming Chairman of the! Utah’s economy is on FIRE thanks to the leadership …
RT: DOJ Asks Courts To Lighten Up On Qualcomm As It Battles China For 5G Supremacy
RT: CNN’s Tapper: Is Trump Not Getting Enough Credit For The Economy?
RT: Trump Cuts Off States From Skimming Medicaid Payments For Big Labor
RT: April Jobs Report: 263,000 Jobs Added, Unemployment At 3.6 Percent
Mike has been a fantastic Senator!
How can it be possible that James Woods ( and many others ), a strong but responsible Conservative Voice, is banned from Twitter? Social Media & Fake News Media, together with their partner, the Democrat Party, have no idea the problems they are causing for themselves. VERY UNFAIR!
Today, May 4th - is International Firefighters Day! We remember all of those who put their lives on the line to save others, and are grateful to those who continue to do so 24/7 / 365. We love our great firefighters, thank you! #ThankAFirefighter
RT: The last time the unemployment rate was this low we were about to land for the first time on the moon! Happy April #Jobs …
RT:
RT: With President Trump leading us, America is a BETTER and SAFER place 🇺 🇸
RT: BOOM: Despite horrendous media treatment coverage Trump stands at 51 % approval rating! They tried to defame him They …
RT: We're killing it on the economy! 🔥
Very good call yesterday with President Putin of Russia. Tremendous potential for a good / great relationship with Russia, despite what you read and see in the Fake News Media. Look how they have misled you on “Russia Collusion.” The World can be a better and safer place. Nice!
Anything in this very interesting world is possible, but I believe that Kim Jong Un fully realizes the great economic potential of North Korea, & will do nothing to interfere or end it. He also knows that I am with him & does not want to break his promise to me. Deal will happen!
RT: So great to watch this!
When will the Radical Left Wing Media apologize to me for knowingly getting the Russia Collusion Delusion story so wrong? The real story is about to happen! Why is, ,, allowed to be on Twitter & Facebook. Much of what they do is FAKE NEWS!
RT: “Dangerous”. My opinions? Or giving a handful of giant partisan corporations the power to decide who has free speech? …
RT: So James Woods was kicked off Twitter for quoting Ralph Waldo Emerson... but the racist fake man of God, that ’ …
RT: Lmao at establishment conservatives who think they won’t be labeled the new “dangerous ” / “ extremist” voices when thos …
RT: Those suggesting Facebook can ban anyone for any reason because they are a private company do not understand the platfo …
RT: When did we decide, as Americans, that it's ok fo govt & 3d parties to censor / curate our info? That we cannot be trus …
RT: When did we quit teaching / understanding that free speech means protecting the distasteful, lest we open the door for g …
RT: The support for me has been incredible. This could actually lead to some genuine change. Keep up the pressure. Don't let …
RT: Great being with the team at! Such an unbelievable course and property! This is truly one of #TomFazios gre …
So great to watch this!
There is nothing easy about a USA Infrastructure Plan, especially when our great Country has spent an astounding 7 trillion dollars in the Middle East over the last 19 years, but I am looking hard at a bipartisan plan of 1 to 2 trillion dollars. Badly needed!
RT: Perhaps the best clip of all time...
“They wanted to know what Trump was up to with the Russians - which of course is nonsense. This whole thing was a complete setup.” George Papadopoulos to
As the great people of IA, IL, & MO continue to confront the devastating flooding, know we are here for you and ready to help! My team remains in close contact with, ,, and the local officials managing the impacts of the destructive flooding.
So surprised to see Conservative thinkers like James Woods banned from Twitter, and Paul Watson banned from Facebook!
The wonderful Diamond and Silk have been treated so horribly by Facebook. They work so hard and what has been done to them is very sad - and we’re looking into. It’s getting worse and worse for Conservatives on social media!
I am continuing to monitor the censorship of AMERICAN CITIZENS on social media platforms. This is the United States of America — and we have what’s known as FREEDOM OF SPEECH! We are monitoring and watching, closely!!
The International Association of Firefighters Union is rebelling on their very foolish leader. Perhaps they will vote him out of office. He doesn’t get it!
RT: President Trump welcomed Prime Minister Peter Pellegrini of the Slovak Republic for his first visit in the Oval Office toda …
Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Rep. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Strong on Crime, Second Amendment, Military, Vets, and Healthcare. He will do a fantastic job!
Had a long and very good conversation with President Putin of Russia. As I have always said, long before the Witch Hunt started, getting along with Russia, China, and everyone is a good thing, not a bad thing...
... We discussed Trade, Venezuela, Ukraine, North Korea, Nuclear Arms Control and even the “Russian Hoax.” Very productive talk!
We can all agree that AMERICA is now # 1. We are the ENVY of the WORLD — and the best is yet to come!
“The U. S. Created 263,000 Jobs in April, Unemployment Fell to Lowest Level Since 1969”
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! “Jobs surge in April, unemployment rate falls to the lowest since 1969”
Finally, Mainstream Media is getting involved - too “hot ” to avoid. Pulitzer Prize anyone? The New York Times, on front page ( finally ), “ Details effort to spy on Trump Campaign.” This is bigger than WATERGATE, but the reverse!
RT: " I will declassify soon " -
RT: This will become an imp & bigger story going into #2020 ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩ …
RT: President is fixing American trade to bring our steel and manufacturing jobs back HOME!
RT: Happy National Space Day! 🚀 America is the best in space, and President is making sure no other country …
OK, so after two years of hard work and each party trying their best to make the other party look as bad as possible, it’s time to get back to business. The Mueller Report strongly stated that there was No Collusion with Russia ( of course ) and, in fact, they were rebuffed...
... at every turn in attempts to gain access. But now Republicans and Democrats must come together for the good of the American people. No more costly & time consuming investigations. Lets do Immigration ( Border ), Infrastructure, much lower drug prices & much more - and do it now!
Thank you, working hard! #MAGA
Proclamation on Days of Remembrance of Victims of the Holocaust:
Congrats to for investing $ 1 + BILLION in America's most INNOVATIVE steel mill. 232 Tariffs make Pennsylvania and USA more prosperous / secure by bringing Steel and Aluminum industries BACK. Tariffs are working. Pittsburgh is again The Steel City. USA Economy is BOOMING!
On this day of prayer, we once again place our hopes in the hands of our Creator. We give thanks for this wondrous land of liberty, & we pray that THIS nation – OUR home – these United States – will forever be strengthened by the Goodness and the Grace & the eternal GLORY OF GOD!
As we unite on this day of prayer, we renew our resolve to protect communities of faith – and ensure that ALL of our people can live, pray and worship IN PEACE. #NationalDayOfPrayer
... and deregulation which have produced non-inflationary prosperity for all Americans. I’ve asked Steve to work with me toward future economic growth in our Country.
Steve Moore, a great pro-growth economist and a truly fine person, has decided to withdraw from the Fed process. Steve won the battle of ideas including Tax Cuts...
RT: I understand the talk about Mueller not deciding on Trump obstruction. But he did decide, didn't he? If you're investigated …
RT: NEW: The BIDENS are entangled in a Ukrainian corruption scandal: pushed Ukraine to fire a prosecutor seen as corrup …
RT: NR’s editorial: “ Not for the first time, or we expect, the last, Bill Barr’s critics are demonstrating their lack of judgme …
I am continuing to monitor the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom!

RT: JW President: “ Obama allowed his DOJ & FBI to spy on. That’s the scandal of our generation & …
RT:. discusses that “ Obama, Biden, Clinton, Susan Rice, the DNC, John Brennan, Comey, Clapper, Kerry, McCabe, Lor …
RT: JW President appeared on “Hannity” to discuss the Deep State coup effort against: “ The DNC …
RT: Judicial Watch announced it received 756 pages of newly uncovered emails that were among the materials former Secretary …
RT: JW announced that it filed a FOIA lawsuit against the DOJ for records of communications and payments between the FBI & f …
RT:. FOIA disclosures help lead to criminal referral on Russiagate targeting of.
RT: BREAKING: Obama knew - - FBI admits it found Clinton Emails in Obama WH! PLUS is already investigating the inv …
RT: Audience to CNN, adios
RT:. you might want to rethink your narrative - clearly people don’t like your message. Truly shocking to me that any of yo …
RT: The Democratic Party has no message, accomplishments or leadership so all they do is harass my father & our family. Congress …
RT: Barr: Was my letter inaccurate? Mueller: No. Barr: Was the media coverage of my letter inaccurate? Mueller: Yes.
RT: As a Phoenix firefighter and member of the IAFF I was surprised and pleased to learn that the only money that goes to feder …
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION. Besides, how can you have Obstruction when not only was there No Collusion ( by Trump ), but the bad actions were done by the “other” side? The greatest con-job in the history of American Politics!
Why didn’t President Obama do something about Russia in September ( before November Election ) when told by the FBI? He did NOTHING, and had no intention of doing anything!
Congress must change the Immigration Laws now, Dems won’t act. Wall is being built - 400 miles by end of next year. Mexico must stop the march to Border!
“No President in history has endured such vicious personal attacks by political opponents. Still, the President’s record is unparalleled.”
Gallup Poll: 56 % of Americans rate their financial situation as excellent or good. This is the highest number since 2002, and up 10 points since 2016.
I am overriding the Decommission Order of the magnificent aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman, built in 1998 ( fairly new ), and considered one of the largest and finest in the world. It will be updated at a fraction of the cost of a new one ( which also are being built )!
“The Democrats can’t come to grips with the fact that there was No Collusion, there was No Conspiracy, there was No Obstruction. What we should be focused on is what’s been going on in our government, at the highest levels of the FBI...” Senator Josh Hawley
RT: I cannot wait to vote for the greatest president ever
RT: 24 years plus firefighter here, & there’s no chance Biden is my choice. #NoMoJoe Actually, no one on the left ha …
RT: Im a Firefighter and I ’ m a YUGE trump supporter! I got banned from the IAFF web.
RT: The ONLY reason why Joe Biden is able to get into this race is he knows for a fact that the democrat media will ne …
RT: I ’ m a retired volunteer firefighter and I ’ d be PISSED if my dues were going to this
RT: Nope not me either. I ’ m not voting for crazy Joe. My support is behind in 2020!
RT: Lousy choice
RT: Why would any firefighter of service vote for him? is the way to go.
RT: As a retired Firefighter, I can only speak for my fellow retirees, and I can assure you NONE of us support him, OR …
RT: As a retired FF I know that the majority of the rank and file are conservative or moderate and DO NOT support lib …
RT: Stick in the eye by union... Trump has worked very hard for our first responders and union members... fighting very ha …
RT: This statement is like so many others — liberal lies. Why would the military or emergency workers support a candidat …
RT: It doesn’t matter who they endorse, the only person winning in 2020 is President Trump!
RT: My husband a New York City firefighter for 15 years will be voting Trump 2020 all the way!!
RT: The Unions have become Corporations representing themselves, Our President represents the people. #MAGA …
RT: Joe Biden is not even his party’s candidate yet. Firemen 🚒 can’t say they endorse him. He may not even be on b …
RT: He used there dues when they support trump
RT: I know the police officers Union is backing Donald Trump... I back the blue #bluelivesmatter
RT: I know a couple in my department. Granted I am in Alabama but most of the firefighters I talk to are voting …
RT: Never Supporting a Fireman's Ball again...
RT: Add me to your list Dan. I am furious that the board would make such an announcement without even taking the me …
RT: Smoke and mirrors Biden.
RT: None of the MEN I know are either.
RT: The fire fighters union bosses are endorsing a failure.
RT: When the union backs you but the people in the union don’t
RT: This is why more lawsuits are going to presented by union members because of misrepresentation by the top eche …
RT: They will take union dues from trump voters and give to creepy though
RT: That’s why I am not in the IFFA. Don’t want my $ $ $ going to dems
RT: Not 🙋 🏻 ‍ ♂ ️nor my brother
RT: This firefighter won’t be voting for creepy
RT: The rank and file know who has their back and remember no one knows who you vote for!
RT: Shouldn't the fireman have a say?
RT: None that I know of in my home town either
RT: Happy im not a member of IAFF anymore
RT: Well there could be a small group of Obama people, anyone in his right mind would not support Joe Biden
RT: He has NO chance.
RT: Yea right, until they get in the voting booth!
RT: No, we don't support Crazy Joe!! And our members in our Local are up in arms!
RT: Fact!!
RT: Not I
RT: Just the union leadership supports Biden. Members support Trump. This applies to most unions.
RT: I bet if someone did a fireman’s poll, President Trump would win by a landslide.
RT: I certainly won't be voting for this guy!
RT: This fire family does NOT support Joe Biden for President. #TRUMP2020 🇺 🇸
RT: " Over Charging Union Dues Alert ". Dan, how about Union leadership opening up books to own members since they have s …
RT: Nowhere have I heard the firefighters were supporting Joe Biden. The leadership of the firefighters union, on the …
RT: Roger that... firefighters will vote Trump! The union may not be representing its membership appropriately in …
RT: The union bureaucrats endorse him but the due paying members don’t, and they wonder why unions are getting smaller …
RT: Does he know 90 % of the Firemen’s retirement is dependent on the US Economy and invested in US Stock? Do not think …
RT: You are correct, 100 %, Dan. A bunch of us have been talking, and this is just the DNC buying and paying for the …
RT: All firefighters I work with said No way!!! Fake News
RT: My father is a fireman and his entire firehouse loves Trump
RT: 👈 🏼 This career firefighter will not be voting for any Democrat on the ticket. I will be voting for again.
RT: Agreed Dan. NYC FD inions haven’t made a peep but the known rank and file are Trump guys.
RT: How any firefighter in NY can support any Dem is disgusting after DiBlasio went to the G2 last year to rip our …
RT: None. We are all pissed about this. I have withdrawn my support for firePAC
RT: Im a firefighter and im NOT voting for Joe.
RT: I have fire fighter friends and they support Trump.
RT: I ’ m a firefighter and I don’t endorse Joe Biden My vote goes to President Donald Trump!!!
RT: My neighbor is a fireman and he loves trump
I’ve done more for Firefighters than this dues sucking union will ever do, and I get paid ZERO!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome and host the 2018 Cup Series Champion, and to the!
If Cuban Troops and Militia do not immediately CEASE military and other operations for the purpose of causing death and destruction to the Constitution of Venezuela, a full and complete...
... embargo, together with highest-level sanctions, will be placed on the island of Cuba. Hopefully, all Cuban soldiers will promptly and peacefully return to their island!
CONGRATULATIONS to the 2018 Cup Series Champion,!
I am monitoring the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom!
... up like a rocket if we did some lowering of rates, like one point, and some quantitative easing. Yes, we are doing very well at 3.2 % GDP, but with our wonderfully low inflation, we could be setting major records &, at the same time, make our National Debt start to look small!
China is adding great stimulus to its economy while at the same time keeping interest rates low. Our Federal Reserve has incessantly lifted interest rates, even though inflation is very low, and instituted a very big dose of quantitative tightening. We have the potential to go...
... European countries are not helping at all, even though this was very much done for their benefit. They are refusing to take back prisoners from their specific countries. Not good!
We have 1,800 ISIS Prisoners taken hostage in our final battles to destroy 100 % of the Caliphate in Syria. Decisions are now being made as to what to do with these dangerous prisoners...
If the Democrats don’t give us the votes to change our weak, ineffective and dangerous Immigration Laws, we must fight hard for these votes in the 2020 Election!
The Coyotes and Drug Cartels are in total control of the Mexico side of the Southern Border. They have labs nearby where they make drugs to sell into the U. S. Mexico, one of the most dangerous country’s in the world, must eradicate this problem now. Also, stop the MARCH to U. S.
Pittsburgh jobless rate hits lowest point since the early 1970s ( maybe even better than that ) and Sleepy Joe just had his first rally there. Fact is, every economic aspect of our Country is the best it has ever been!
RT: Thank you to and the staff for a great experience for the Lady Bears! #SicEm
The New York Times has apologized for the terrible Anti-Semitic Cartoon, but they haven’t apologized to me for this or all of the Fake and Corrupt news they print on a daily basis. They have reached the lowest level of “journalism,” and certainly a low point in history!
Bob Mueller was a great HERO to the Radical Left Democrats. Now that the Mueller Report is finished, with a finding of NO COLLUSION & NO OBSTRUCTION ( based on a review of Report by our highly respected A. G. ), the Dems are going around saying, “Bob who, sorry, don’t know the man.”
The Dues Sucking firefighters leadership will always support Democrats, even though the membership wants me. Some things never change!
Sleepy Joe Biden is having his first rally in the Great State of Pennsylvania. He obviously doesn’t know that Pennsylvania is having one of the best economic years in its history, with lowest unemployment EVER, a now thriving Steel Industry ( that was dead ) & great future!...
The Media ( Fake News ) is pushing Sleepy Joe hard. Funny, I ’ m only here because of Biden & Obama. They didn’t do the job and now you have Trump, who is getting it done - big time!
I’ll never get the support of Dues Crazy union leadership, those people who rip-off their membership with ridiculously high dues, medical and other expenses while being paid a fortune. But the members love Trump. They look at our record economy, tax & reg cuts, military etc. WIN!
... People are fleeing New York State because of high taxes and yes, even oppression of sorts. They didn’t even put up a fight against SALT - could have won. So much litigation. The NRA should leave and fight from the outside of this very difficult to deal with ( unfair ) State!
The NRA is under siege by Cuomo and the New York State A. G., who are illegally using the State’s legal apparatus to take down and destroy this very important organization, & others. It must get its act together quickly, stop the internal fighting, & get back to GREATNESS - FAST!
I spoke at length yesterday to Rabbi Yisroel Goldstein, Chabad of Poway, where I extended my warmest condolences to him and all affected by the shooting in California. What a great guy. He had a least one finger blown off, and all he wanted to do is help others. Very special!
Will be interviewed by on at 10:00 AM. Talking about the Southern Border and how the Dems MUST act fast to change our pathetic immigration laws. Will be tough, watch!
RT: 昨日の首脳会談 、 4人だけの夕食会 、 そして本日のゴルフと 、 トランプ大統領と 10時間以上を共に過ごすなかで 、 北朝鮮問題への対応 、 経済 、 G20大阪サミット 、 更には世界情勢に至るまで 、 様々な課題についてじっくりと話をすることができました 。
... for the more traditional, but not very bright, Sleepy Joe Biden. Here we go again Bernie, but this time please show a little more anger and indignation when you get screwed!
The Democratic National Committee, sometimes referred to as the DNC, is again working its magic in its quest to destroy Crazy Bernie Sanders...
... Ever since Andrew came to my office to ask that I appoint him to the U. S. Supreme Court, and I said NO, he has been very hostile! Also asked for pardon for his friend. A good “pal” of low ratings Shepard Smith.
Thank you to brilliant and highly respected attorney Alan Dershowitz for destroying the very dumb legal argument of “Judge” Andrew Napolitano...
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
Beautiful #TrumpRally tonight in Green Bay, Wisconsin with a massive crowd. Thank you for joining me, I love you! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
Just arrived in Green Bay, Wisconsin for a #MAGA Rally. Big crowds - join me at 8: 00 P. M. Eastern, live on!
Sincerest THANK YOU to our great Border Patrol Agent who stopped the shooter at the Synagogue in Poway, California. He may have been off duty but his talents for Law Enforcement weren’t!
Great day with Prime Minister of Japan. We played a quick round of golf by the beautiful Potomac River while talking Trade and many other subjects. He has now left for Japan and I am on my way to Wisconsin where a very large crowd of friends await!
Leaving now for Green Bay, Wisconsin - BIG CROWD, will be there shortly! #MAGA
Thoughts and prayers to all of those affected by the shooting at the Synagogue in Poway, California. God bless you all. Suspect apprehended. Law enforcement did outstanding job. Thank you!
We must end the Opioid Crisis. Do your part today by participating in prescription drug #TakeBackDay at over 4,000 locations across the Country!
We must end the Opioid Crisis. Do your part today by participating in prescription drug #TakeBackDay at over 4,000 locations across the Country!
RT: #TakeBackDay is a reminder to dispose of your unused prescription drugs responsibly! Find your nearest collection center at htt …
RT: Today is National Drug Take Back Day! Find a collection site near you and join the fight against opioid abuse.
Congratulations to Nick Bosa on being picked number two in the NFL Draft. You will be a great player for years to come, maybe one of the best. Big Talent! San Francisco will embrace you but most importantly, always stay true to yourself. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU! #NRAAM
“U. S. Economy Grows 3.2 % in Q1, Smashing Expectations”
RT: " With God as our witness, we swear today that we will defend our rights, we will safeguard our freedoms, we will uphold our …
RT: “ Under my Administration, we will never surrender American sovereignty to anyone. We will never allow foreign bureaucrats t …
Spoke to Saudi Arabia and others about increasing oil flow. All are in agreement. The California tax on gasoline is causing big problems on pricing for that state. Speak to your Governor about reducing. Economic numbers, 3.2 % GDP for what is often worst quarter, looking good!
Great NRA crowd and enthusiasm in Indiana. Thank you! Leaving now for meetings in the Oval Office.
Just out: Real GDP for First Quarter grew 3.2 % at an annual rate. This is far above expectations or projections. Importantly, inflation VERY LOW. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Heading to Indianapolis to speak at the big NRA Conference. Love being in Indiana. The is getting stronger & stronger and doing some really great and important work. Having their powerful support has been vital to #MAGA!
Weirdo Tom Steyer, who didn’t have the “guts” or money to run for President, is still trying to remain relevant by putting himself on ads begging for impeachment. He doesn’t mention the fact that mine is perhaps the most successful first 2 year presidency in history & NO C OR O!
“President Donald J. Trump is the greatest hostage negotiator that I know of in the history of the United States. 20 hostages, many in impossible circumstances, have been released in last two years. No money was paid.” Cheif Hostage Negotiator, USA!
No money was paid to North Korea for Otto Warmbier, not two Million Dollars, not anything else. This is not the Obama Administration that paid 1.8 Billion Dollars for four hostages, or gave five terroist hostages plus, who soon went back to battle, for traitor Sgt. Bergdahl!
I will be interviewed on at 9:00 PM. In 5 minutes - Enjoy!
Thank you! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
Our Border Control Agents have done an incredible job under very adverse conditions. I am very proud to have increased their salaries because of the great job they do. Nobody deserves it more. THANK YOU and keep up the outstanding work!
RT: President and traveled to Atlanta, Georgia, yesterday for the Rx Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit, con …
Look forward to seeing everyone in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 PM on. Enjoy!
RT: " The man who killed my son never did a day in prison. Not one day. " On January 22nd, 2015, Grant Ronnebeck was shot and …
RT: If Joe Biden wants to keep score: In 8 years, Biden & Obama had a net loss of 193,000 manufacturing jobs. In just over …
RT: Joe Biden literally can’t hide from the economic successes of’s administration. Biden chose Pennsylv …
RT: Do you want to go back to a bad economy, failed foreign policy, and more broken promises?
RT: I ’ m grateful for my colleagues who accompanied me to the border to view the crisis w / their own eyes. It’s one thing to …
RT: Volume 1 of the Mueller Report is based on evidence, while Volume 2 seems to rely heavily on the reporting of news outlet …
RT: We knew they wouldn’t give up. The collusion delusion fell flat, and now reports say House Democrats are preparing to …
RT: " The collusion delusion fell flat. " suggests Democrats are too blinded by hatred of to l …
RT: Reminder: Democrats demanding an unredacted Mueller report ( exposing even classified info ) spent a year attacking mysel …
RT: It’s time to figure out what the Comey Cabal did at the start of the fake “Russia collusion” investigation. Comey, Andy Mc …
RT: Democrats are obsessed with. It's time to move on and solve problems for the American people.
RT: Peter Strzok told us that he would “ love to answer each and every one of [ our ] questions " once the Mueller investigation co …
Welcome to the race Sleepy Joe. I only hope you have the intelligence, long in doubt, to wage a successful primary campaign. It will be nasty - you will be dealing with people who truly have some very sick & demented ideas. But if you make it, I will see you at the Starting Gate!
... Despite the fact that the Mueller Report was “composed” by Trump Haters and Angry Democrats, who had unlimited funds and human resources, the end result was No Collusion, No Obstruction. Amazing!
... Mueller was NOT fired and was respectfully allowed to finish his work on what I, and many others, say was an illegal investigation ( there was no crime ), headed by a Trump hater who was highly conflicted, and a group of 18 VERY ANGRY Democrats. DRAIN THE SWAMP!
As has been incorrectly reported by the Fake News Media, I never told then White House Counsel Don McGahn to fire Robert Mueller, even though I had the legal right to do so. If I wanted to fire Mueller, I didn’t need McGahn to do it, I could have done it myself. Nevertheless,...
The Great State of Tennessee is so close to passing School Choice. All of our Nation’s children, regardless of background, deserve a shot at achieving the American Dream! Time to get this done, so important!
. of the great state of Utah has written a wonderful new book entitled, “Our Lost Declaration.” Highly recommended!
As ONE UNITED NATION, we will work, we will pray, and we will fight for the day when every family across our land can live in a DRUG FREE AMERICA! #RxSummit2019
Today, Melania and I were honored to join thousands of leaders from across the Country for the 2019 Prescription Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit ( ) in Atlanta, Georgia! #RxSummit2019
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is correct, the VA is not broken, it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice & Accountability passed. “President Trump deserves a lot of credit.” Dan Caldwell, Concerned Veterans of America
Rep. Occasio-Cortez is correct, the VA is not broken, it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice & Accountability passed. “President Trump deserves a lot of credit.” Dan Caldwell, Concerned Veterans of America
I didn’t call Bob Costa of the Washington Post, he called me ( Returned his call )! Just more Fake News.
... Congress has no time to legislate, they only want to continue the Witch Hunt, which I have already won. They should start looking at The Criminals who are already very well known to all. This was a Rigged System - WE WILL DRAIN THE SWAMP!
No Collusion, No Obstruction - there has NEVER been a President who has been more transparent. Millions of pages of documents were given to the Mueller Angry Dems, plus I allowed everyone to testify, including W. H. counsel. I didn’t have to do this, but now they want more...
Can anyone comprehend what a GREAT job Border Patrol and Law Enforcement is doing on our Southern Border. So far this year they have APPREHENDED 418,000 plus illegal immigrants, way up from last year. Mexico is doing very little for us. DEMS IN CONGRESS MUST ACT NOW!
... are there no “High Crimes and Misdemeanors,” there are no Crimes by me at all. All of the Crimes were committed by Crooked Hillary, the Dems, the DNC and Dirty Cops - and we caught them in the act! We waited for Mueller and WON, so now the Dems look to Congress as last hope!
The Mueller Report, despite being written by Angry Democrats and Trump Haters, and with unlimited money behind it ( $ 35,000, 000 ), didn’t lay a glove on me. I DID NOTHING WRONG. If the partisan Dems ever tried to Impeach, I would first head to the U. S. Supreme Court. Not only...
Mexico’s Soldiers recently pulled guns on our National Guard Soldiers, probably as a diversionary tactic for drug smugglers on the Border. Better not happen again! We are now sending ARMED SOLDIERS to the Border. Mexico is not doing nearly enough in apprehending & returning!
A very big Caravan of over 20,000 people started up through Mexico. It has been reduced in size by Mexico but is still coming. Mexico must apprehend the remainder or we will be forced to close that section of the Border & call up the Military. The Coyotes & Cartels have weapons!
The American people deserve to know who is in this Country. Yesterday, the Supreme Court took up the Census Citizenship question, a really big deal. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Former CIA analyst Larry Johnson accuses United Kingdom Intelligence of helping Obama Administration Spy on the 2016 Trump Presidential Campaign.” WOW! It is now just a question of time before the truth comes out, and when it does, it will be a beauty!
You mean the Stock Market hit an all-time record high today and they’re actually talking impeachment!? Will I ever be given credit for anything by the Fake News Media or Radical Liberal Dems? NO COLLUSION!
Great meeting this afternoon at the with from. Lots of subjects discussed regarding their platform, and the world of social media in general. Look forward to keeping an open dialogue!
I will be in Green Bay, Wisconsin this Saturday, April 27th at the Resch Center — 7:00 pm ( CDT ). Big crowd expected! #MAGA
Great golf champion & friend, Ernie Els ( ), has done a tremendous job in assisting those w / Autism through his Els for Autism Fdn, focusing on Education, Research, Global Outreach, Recreation Services, Therapy Services, & Adult Services. #NationalAutismAwarenessMonth
Great interview by Jared. Nice to have extraordinarily smart people serving our Country!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
The Wall is being rapidly built! The Economy is GREAT! Our Country is Respected again!
... But should be much higher than that if Twitter wasn’t playing their political games. No wonder Congress wants to get involved - and they should. Must be more, and fairer, companies to get out the WORD!
“The best thing ever to happen to Twitter is Donald Trump.” So true, but they don’t treat me well as a Republican. Very discriminatory, hard for people to sign on. Constantly taking people off list. Big complaints from many people. Different names-over 100 M...
“Harley Davidson has struggled with Tariffs with the EU, currently paying 31 %. They’ve had to move production overseas to try and offset some of that Tariff that they’ve been hit with which will rise to 66 % in June of 2021.” So unfair to U. S. We will Reciprocate!
... Dumb and Sick. A really bad show with low ratings - and will only get worse. CNN has been a proven and long term ratings and beyond disaster. In fact, it rewarded Chris Cuomo with a now unsuccessful prime time slot, despite his massive failure in the morning. Only on CNN!
Sorry to say but is by far the best of the morning political shows on television. It rightfully has BY FAR the highest ratings, not even close. Morning Psycho ( Joe ), who helped get me elected in 2016 by having me on ( free ) all the time, has nosedived, too Angry...
In the “old days ” if you were President and you had a good economy, you were basically immune from criticism. Remember, “ It’s the economy stupid.” Today I have, as President, perhaps the greatest economy in history... and to the Mainstream Media, it means NOTHING. But it will!
The Radical Left Democrats, together with their leaders in the Fake News Media, have gone totally insane! I guess that means that the Republican agenda is working. Stay tuned for more!
I will be going to Green Bay, Wisconsin, for a really big Rally on Saturday Evening. Big crowd expected, much to talk about. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I wonder if the New York Times will apologize to me a second time, as they did after the 2016 Election. But this one will have to be a far bigger & better apology. On this one they will have to get down on their knees & beg for forgiveness-they are truly the Enemy of the People!
Paul Krugman, of the Fake News New York Times, has lost all credibility, as has the Times itself, with his false and highly inaccurate writings on me. He is obsessed with hatred, just as others are obsessed with how stupid he is. He said Market would crash, Only Record Highs!
RT: PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
RT: Thank you! #MAGA
RT: Here’s what #TaxReform has brought to our country: ✅ 3.2 million new jobs ✅ A bigger paycheck for ~ 90 % of taxpayers ✅ Lo …
RT: Created under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Opportunity Zones help lift low income Americans out of poverty by encouraging …
RT: Last year, and I toured #OpportunityZones in Huntington and saw the incredible potential in these designate …
RT: “In the heartland, they want legislating, not investigating.” -
RT: Another wonderful Easter Egg roll! and I enjoyed meeting everyone! Thank you to the many volunteers and vendors who wo …
RT: The 2019 Easter Egg Roll is almost here! President and will welcome guests to the White House fo …
RT: What I have accumulated here is absolutely shocking upon the realization that #Mueller's disreputable, twisted history …
RT: Absolutely devastating to see the news out of Sri Lanka this morning. These were Christians targeted simply for practic …
RT: Think about this: we had a President under a constant 2 year investigation for a fabricated collusion conspiracy, and y …
RT: “Rep. Jim Jordan on plans to investigate the origins of the Russia collusion investigation”
RT: Dems holding a conference call today to discuss their next moves now that Mueller announced no collusion and no obstruction …
RT: Days since promised accountability for #MichaelCohen’s lies: 54
RT: Carter Page: Mueller Report Shows He's Mr. Clean | National Review
RT: Victor Davis Hanson: Mueller Probe Could Backfire on Those Who Fabricated Russia-Collusion Narrative - YouTube
RT: Byron York: For some Dems, breaking up with dossier is hard to do ⁦ ⁩
RT: COUP: was right - - Mueller witchhunt part of #Spygate abuse begun by Obama DOJ / FBI, working with Hillary Cl …
RT: COUP UPDATE: Who needs to be investigated on #Spygate and other abuses targeting? Partial list: Obama Bid …
RT: Woodward: Investigate FBICIA Handling of ' Garbage ' Dossier...
RT: UNPRECEDENTED Spying Campaign on: DOJ / FBI / NSA / CIA / State - - " all hands on deck " in Obama administration's go …
RT: President Should File a Criminal Complaint with DOJ over Illicit Targeting -
RT: Mueller report full of gossip targeting.
RT: COUP Update: Mueller Report vindicates even as it tries to smear him PLUS new lawsuits on FB …
RT: Joe Biden has been losing presidential elections since the 1980s. 2020 will be no different. Biden will have to ans …
RT: Rep. Ratcliffe: Mueller report proves Donald Trump was telling the truth about collusion …
Just spoke to. Will be doing a very interesting show tonight at 7:00 P. M. Eastern on!
Today, Melania and I are honored to host the 2019 Easter Egg Roll!
Isn’t it amazing that the people who were closest to me, by far, and knew the Campaign better than anyone, were never even called to testify before Mueller. The reason is that the 18 Angry Democrats knew they would all say ‘NO COLLUSION’ and only very good things!
“The Obama Administration did not do itself proud in this.”
Spoke to the Prime Minister of Italy, Giuseppe Conte, mostly concerning Immigration, Taxes, Trade, and the Economy of both of our countries. Very good call!
Spoke to Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe of Sri Lanka this morning to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States!
Spoke to President Maithripala Sirisena of Sri Lanka yesterday to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States.
RT: How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My friend Herman Cain, a truly wonderful man, has asked me not to nominate him for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board. I will respect his wishes. Herman is a great American who truly loves our Country!
Congratulations!
Only high crimes and misdemeanors can lead to impeachment. There were no crimes by me ( No Collusion, No Obstruction ), so you can’t impeach. It was the Democrats that committed the crimes, not your Republican President! Tables are finally turning on the Witch Hunt!
Saudi Arabia and others in OPEC will more than make up the Oil Flow difference in our now Full Sanctions on Iranian Oil. Iran is being given VERY BAD advice by and people who helped him lead the U. S. into the very bad Iran Nuclear Deal. Big violation of Logan Act?
So true - thanks!
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Can you believe that I had to go through the worst and most corrupt political Witch Hunt in the history of the United States ( No Collusion ) when it was the “other side” that illegally created the diversionary & criminal event and even spied on my campaign? Disgraceful!
Jobless claims in the United States have reached their lowest ( BEST ) level in over 50 years!
Despite No Collusion, No Obstruction, The Radical Left Democrats do not want to go on to Legislate for the good of the people, but only to Investigate and waste time. This is costing our Country greatly, and will cost the Dems big time in 2020!
The Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who wrote the Mueller Report were devastated by the No Collusion finding! Nothing but a total “hit job” which should never have been allowed to start in the first place!
Do you believe this? The New York Times Op-Ed: MEDIA AND DEMOCRATS OWE TRUMP AN APOLOGY. Well, they got that one right!
138 people have been killed in Sri Lanka, with more that 600 badly injured, in a terrorist attack on churches and hotels. The United States offers heartfelt condolences to the great people of Sri Lanka. We stand ready to help!
Happy Easter! I have never been happier or more content because your Country is doing so well, with an Economy that is the talk of the World and may be stronger than it has ever been before. Have a great day!
Heartfelt condolences from the people of the United States to the people of Sri Lanka on the horrible terrorist attacks on churches and hotels that have killed at least 138 million people and badly injured 600 more. We stand ready to help!
RT: Lotta stuff in the report. From: Kushner cleared of seeking Russian money to pay real estate debt.
RT: Prior Reporting Confirmed That Some FBI Agents Were FED UP With Comey
Thank you and!

RT: This is ridiculous. AG Barr gives Democrats unprecedented accommodations, and they refuse them hours after Chairman Nad …
Good night of television! 8: 00 PM 9:00 PM with interview of followed by Greg G. Honest commentary is always nice!
RT: #DrainTheSwamp -: No one takes anything Schiff says seriously because he lost all credibility. For 2 years he c …
RT: Tomorrow #EXCLUSIVE #BreakingNews 10am et …
RT: Happening now: " we are working on a package to change the immigration laws & asylum laws. We will intr …
Check out: Life, Liberty & Levin on now ( 7pm )!
If spent the same energy fighting Barack Obama as he does fighting Donald Trump, he could have won the race ( maybe )!
RT: My appearance on Fox & Friends this morning
RT: I am with the President at the Southern White House, I have never seen him happier!

RT: Wonderful and productive visit to Côte d'Ivoire! #WGDP! 🎥:
RT: Thank you for an incredible trip Ethiopia! 🇺 🇸 🇪 🇹

The end result of the greatest Witch Hunt in U. S. political history is No Collusion with Russia ( and No Obstruction ). Pretty Amazing!
United States weekly jobless claims just hit a 50 year low. The economy is doing GREAT!
The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to stir up and anger the pols and as many people as possible seldom mentioning the fact that the Mueller Report had as its principle conclusion the fact that there was NO COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA. The Russia Hoax is dead!
Despite the fact that the Mueller Report should not have been authorized in the first place & was written as nastily as possible by 13 ( 18 ) Angry Democrats who were true Trump Haters, including highly conflicted Bob Mueller himself, the end result is No Collusion, No Obstruction!
Wishing a Happy Passover to all those celebrating in America, Israel, and around the world!
“TRUMP HAS BEEN TOTALLY VINDICATED”
RT: Mueller’s Final Report ‘ Completely Vindicates’ President Trump 👇
RT: More on the phony collusion scam
RT: “You have guys that come through here that do this for a living … they bring groups across, they bring drugs across.” Sher …
RT:. It's a good day for America and it's a good day for the President
Time for Democrats to accept reality
RT: This is why nobody but the circle jerk takes this seriously anymore. That front page is a disgrace but in …
The Washington Post and New York Times are, in my opinion, two of the most dishonest media outlets around. Truly, the Enemy of the People!
RT: JWPrez Mueller Report Confirms Russia Hoax, NEW Deep State Lawsuit, John Kerry Colluding w / Iran?
... big, fat, waste of time, energy and money - $ 30,000, 000 to be exact. It is now finally time to turn the tables and bring justice to some very sick and dangerous people who have committed very serious crimes, perhaps even Spying or Treason. This should never happen again!
... agreed to testify, it was not necessary for me to respond to statements made in the “Report” about me, some of which are total bullshit & only given to make the other person look good ( or me to look bad ). This was an Illegally Started Hoax that never should have happened, a...
Statements are made about me by certain people in the Crazy Mueller Report, in itself written by 18 Angry Democrat Trump Haters, which are fabricated & totally untrue. Watch out for people that take so-called “notes,” when the notes never existed until needed. Because I never...
Kimberley Strassel should get the Pulitzer. She is a treasure ( and I don’t know her ) who correctly called the Russia Hoax right from the start! Others who were sooo wrong will get the Prize. Fake News!
“The Mueller Report is perhaps the single most humiliating thing that has ever happened to the White House Press in the history of this Country. They know they lied... Many reporters lied about Russia Collusion and so much more. Clapper & Brennan, all lies”
“If dozens of Federal prosecutors spent two years trying to charge you with a crime, and found they couldn’t, it would mean there wasn’t any evidence you did it - and that’s what happened here - that’s what we just learned from the Mueller Report.”
RT: It was a really great day for America! A special evening tonight on, & Wil …
When there is not an underlying crime with regard to Collusion ( in fact, the whole thing was a made up fraud ), it is difficult to say that someone is obstructing something. There was no underlying crime. ”
Anything the Russians did concerning the 2016 Election was done while Obama was President. He was told about it and did nothing! Most importantly, the vote was not affected.
It was a really great day for America! A special evening tonight on, & Will be very interesting!
“Donald Trump was being framed, he fought back. That is not Obstruction.” I had the right to end the whole Witch Hunt if I wanted. I could have fired everyone, including Mueller, if I wanted. I chose not to. I had the RIGHT to use Executive Privilege. I didn’t!
Today, I was thrilled to host the Soldier Ride once again at the. We were all deeply honored to be in the presence of TRUE AMERICAN HEROES...
As I have been saying all along, NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION!

No Collusion - No Obstruction!
Attorney General William Barr’s Press Conference today at 9:30 AM ET. Watch on
RT: Nadler ( 2019 ) vs. Nadler ( 1998 )
RT: On " Hannity ", discussed some key findings from Judicial Watch in regards to the Clinton cover-up: " We are f …
RT: Judicial Watch announced it received 756 pages of newly uncovered emails that were among the materials former Secretary …
RT: JW announced that it uncovered 422 pages of FBI documents showing evidence of “cover up” discussions related to the Clin …
RT: JW President appeared on “Fox and Friends First” to discuss AG Bill Barr’s testimony and Spygate: They know i …
RT: JW President discusses Clinton’s memo: " She signed a memo saying ‘ due to recent targeting of personal email a …
RT: BREAKING: JW announced today that it filed a FOIA lawsuit against the DOJ for records of communications and payments bet …
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The Greatest Political Hoax of all time! Crimes were committed by Crooked, Dirty Cops and DNC / The Democrats.
Nolte: Poll Shows Media Failed to Gaslight Public About Trump Campaign Spying via
RT: Today, we’re officially launching our re-election campaign. Check out our first video below and visit our new website here: …
RT: LIVE NOW: President Trump at the White House Opportunity Zones Conference
Just had a wonderful conversation with Francis offering condolences from the People of the United States for the horrible and destructive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral. I offered the help of our great experts on renovation and construction as I did...
... in my conversation yesterday with President of France. I also wished both Pope Francis and President Macron a very Happy Easter!
Democrats in Congress must return from their Vacations and change the Immigration Laws, or the Border, despite the great job being done by Border Patrol, will only get worse. Big sections of Wall now being built!
Wow! FBI made 11 payments to Fake Dossier’s discredited author, Trump hater Christopher Steele. The Witch Hunt has been a total fraud on your President and the American people! It was brought to you by Dirty Cops, Crooked Hillary and the DNC.
On Trumps ICC Win, Dems and Republicans See Eye to Eye | RealClearPolitics
RT: It is miraculous that Trump not only beat the Bush dynasty, 16 Republicans, the FBI, the media, voter fraud cheaters, th …
I believe it will be Crazy Bernie Sanders vs. Sleepy Joe Biden as the two finalists to run against maybe the best Economy in the history of our Country ( and MANY other great things )! I look forward to facing whoever it may be. May God Rest Their Soul!
Bernie Sanders and wife should pay the Pre-Trump Taxes on their almost $ 600,000 in income. He is always complaining about these big TAX CUTS, except when it benefits him. They made a fortune off of Trump, but so did everyone else - and that’s a good thing, not a bad thing!
Many Trump Fans & Signs were outside of the Studio last night in the now thriving ( Thank you President Trump ) Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, for the interview with Crazy Bernie Sanders. Big complaints about not being let in-stuffed with Bernie supporters. What’s with?
Just signed a critical bill to formalize drought contingency plans for the Colorado River. Thanks to for getting it done. Big deal for Arizona!
I will be in Green Bay, Wisconsin on Saturday, April 27th at the Resch Center — 7:00 pm ( CDT ). Big crowd expected! #MAGA
So weird to watch Crazy Bernie on. Not surprisingly, and the “audience” was so smiley and nice. Very strange, and now we have?
No Collusion - No Obstruction!
A must read, Andy McCarthy’s column today, “Dirty dealings of dirt devils who concocted Trump-Russia probe.” The greatest Scam in political history. If the Mainstream Media were honest, which they are not, this story would be bigger and more important than Watergate. Someday!
God bless the people of France!
The forgotten voters of the 2016 Election are now doing great. The Steel Industry is rebuilding and expanding at a pace that it hasn’t seen in decades. Our Country has one of the best Economies in many years, perhaps ever. Unemployment numbers best in 51 years. Wow!
So horrible to watch the massive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. Perhaps flying water tankers could be used to put it out. Must act quickly!
Spoke to to congratulate him on the great victory he had in yesterday’s, & to inform him that because of his incredible Success & Comeback in Sports ( Golf ) and, more importantly, LIFE, I will be presenting him with the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM!
Heading to the Great State of Minnesota!
... Since there was no Collusion, why was there an Investigation in the first place! Answer - Dirty Cops, Dems and Crooked Hillary!
The Mueller Report, which was written by 18 Angry Democrats who also happen to be Trump Haters ( and Clinton Supporters ), should have focused on the people who SPIED on my 2016 Campaign, and others who fabricated the whole Russia Hoax. That is, never forget, the crime...
Those Illegal Immigrants who can no longer be legally held ( Congress must fix the laws and loopholes ) will be, subject to Homeland Security, given to Sanctuary Cities and States!
Mark Morgan, President Obama’s Border Patrol Chief, gave the following message to me: “President Trump, stay the course.” I agree, and believe it or not, we are making great progress with a system that has been broken for many years!
I finally agree with!
The Radical Left Democrats will never be satisfied with anything we give them. They will always Resist and Obstruct!
THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN ( We will never forget )!
Before Nancy, who has lost all control of Congress and is getting nothing done, decides to defend her leader, Rep. Omar, she should look at the anti-Semitic, anti-Israel and ungrateful U. S. HATE statements Omar has made. She is out of control, except for her control of Nancy!
Congress should come back to D. C. now and FIX THE IMMIGRATION LAWS!
Mueller, and the A. G. based on Mueller findings ( and great intelligence ), have already ruled No Collusion, No Obstruction. These were crimes committed by Crooked Hillary, the DNC, Dirty Cops and others! INVESTIGATE THE INVESTIGATORS!
What do I know about branding, maybe nothing ( but I did become President! ), but if I were Boeing, I would FIX the Boeing 737 MAX, add some additional great features, & REBRAND the plane with a new name. No product has suffered like this one. But again, what the hell do I know?
RT: Actually, they chose NOT to give give GOP House a lot of what GOP investigators wanted--easily more than 400 pages. It's a …
RT: Opinion: Trump’s adversaries have spent more than two years trying to dodge accountability, writes
Chinese Telecom Giant Huawei hires former Obama Cyber Security Official as a lobbyist. This is not good, or acceptable!
. “This is President Trump trying to deliver on his promises while the bureaucratic machine fights his agenda. He needs populist allies. These changes are not chaos, but rather progress. All this is President Trump at his absolute best.” Thank you Steve!
Such a “puff piece” on Nancy Pelosi by, yet her leadership has passed no meaningful Legislation. All they do is Investigate, as it turns out, crimes that they instigated & committed. The Mueller No Collusion decision wasn’t even discussed-and she was a disaster at W. H.
Love people who are great under pressure. What a fantastic life comeback for a really great guy!
Congratulations to., a truly Great Champion!
Watching final hole of. is looking GREAT!
Great Masters going on right now. is leading with 2 holes left to play. Very exciting, tune in!
If the Fed had done its job properly, which it has not, the Stock Market would have been up 5000 to 10,000 additional points, and GDP would have been well over 4 % instead of 3 %... with almost no inflation. Quantitative tightening was a killer, should have done the exact opposite!
Just out: The USA has the absolute legal right to have apprehended illegal immigrants transferred to Sanctuary Cities. We hereby demand that they be taken care of at the highest level, especially by the State of California, which is well known or its poor management & high taxes!
RT: No law that kicks 180 million Americans off their plans is acceptable. While Democrats abandon Obamacare for more socialism …
Democrats must change the Immigration Laws FAST. If not, Sanctuary Cities must immediately ACT to take care of the Illegal Immigrants - and this includes Gang Members, Drug Dealers, Human Traffickers, and Criminals of all shapes, sizes and kinds. CHANGE THE LAWS NOW!
... So interesting to see the Mayor of Oakland and other Sanctuary Cities NOT WANT our currently “detained immigrants” after release due to the ridiculous court ordered 20 day rule. If they don’t want to serve our Nation by taking care of them, why should other cities & towns?
I never offered Pardons to Homeland Security Officials, never ordered anyone to close our Southern Border ( although I have the absolute right to do so, and may if Mexico does not apprehend the illegals coming to our Border ), and am not “frustrated.” It is all Fake & Corrupt News!
... When I won the Election in 2016, the had to beg their fleeing subscribers for forgiveness in that they covered the Election ( and me ) so badly. They didn’t have a clue, it was pathetic. They even apologized to me. But now they are even worse, really corrupt reporting!
The New York Times Sanctuary Cities / Immigration story today was knowingly wrong on almost every fact. They never call to check for truth. Their sources often don’t even exist, a fraud. They will lie & cheat anyway possible to make me look bad. In 6 years they will be gone...
Great playing by ( at the ). Tomorrow will be a big and exciting day for golf and for sports. Many fantastic players in the hunt. Ratings Gold - Good luck to all!
RT: WE WILL NEVER FORGET!
Why should Radical Left Democrats in Congress have a right to retry and examine the $ 35,000, 000 ( two years in the making ) No Collusion Mueller Report, when the crime committed was by Crooked Hillary, the DNC and Dirty Cops? Attorney General Barr will make the decision!
... extraordinary growth, economic success and riches under the leadership of Chairman Kim. I look forward to the day, which could be soon, when Nuclear Weapons and Sanctions can be removed, and then watching North Korea become one of the most successful nations of the World!
I agree with Kim Jong Un of North Korea that our personal relationship remains very good, perhaps the term excellent would be even more accurate, and that a third Summit would be good in that we fully understand where we each stand. North Korea has tremendous potential for...
In New York State, Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants. No wonder so many people are leaving N. Y. Very Sad!
Another Fake Story on that I offered Pardons to Homeland Securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding illegal immigration and sanctuary cities. Of course this is not true. Mainstream Media is corrupt and getting worse, if that is possible, every day!
A Fake Story by Politico. Made up sources. Thank you Mount Vernon!
RT: How is this woman walking the halls of Congress. How.
RT: With the exception of FISA warrants, the use of human intelligence assets, the use of national security letters, & the unprec …
Finally, great news at the Border!
Finally great news at the Border!
Thank you Jeh, so well stated!
If the Radical Left Democrats all of a sudden don’t want the Illegal Migrants in their Sanctuary Cities ( no more open arms ), why should others be expected to take them into their communities? Go home and come into our Country legally and through a system of Merit!
WSJ's Strassel: Barr ' Right ' to Say ' Spying ' Occurred on Trump Campaign | Breitbart via
RT:. says he is POSITIVE orders to spy on the #Trump campaign during 2016 came from the HIGHEST levels – perhap …
Due to the fact that Democrats are unwilling to change our very dangerous immigration laws, we are indeed, as reported, giving strong considerations to placing Illegal Immigrants in Sanctuary Cities only...
... The Radical Left always seems to have an Open Borders, Open Arms policy – so this should make them very happy!
Even the Democrats now say that our Southern Border is a Crisis and a National Emergency. Hopefully, we will not be getting any more BAD ( outrageous ) court decisions!
“Democrats don’t like the results of the Mueller Report, so now they’re trying everything else.” They should stop wasting time and money and get back to real legislating, especially on the Border!
President Obama’s top White House lawyer, Gregory B. Craig, was indicted yesterday on very serious charges. This is a really big story, but the Fake News New York Times didn’t even put it on page one, rather page 16. not much better, “tiny” page one. Corrupt News!
“I don’t need to know any more. We’re done, absolutely done, he ( Mueller ) tried the case. There’s NO COLLUSION.” No matter what we do or give to the Radical Left, it will never be enough!
JOBLESS CLAIMS AT 50 YEAR LOW!
RT: President Trump continues to tally up wins for our country as Americans just saw the best income gains in over 50 years. …
RT: Every CNN Presidential Town Hall Finished Behind MSNBC And Fox News In Ratings
Great heroes!
RT: Rod Rosenstein Defends Attorney General’s Handling Of Mueller Report
“And the Radical Dems reeling in disarray as the President continues to Win, Win and Win again! The Left is PRETENDING to be shocked by A. G. William Barr’s testimony before Congress in which he said SPYING did occur on the Trump 2016 Campaign.”
RT: Wow. got a well deserved ass kicking. Shame on you Ted.
House Democrats want to negotiate a $ 2 TRILLION spending increase but can’t even pass their own plan. We can’t afford it anyway, and it’s not happening!
Great news! #MAGA
Too bad that the European Union is being so tough on the United Kingdom and Brexit. The E. U. is likewise a brutal trading partner with the United States, which will change. Sometimes in life you have to let people breathe before it all comes back to bite you!
I think what the Democrats are doing with the Border is TREASONOUS. Their Open Border mindset is putting our Country at risk. Will not let this happen!
RT: Today, Commissioner Kevin McAleenan was sworn-in to lead DHS as the Acting Secretary. The ceremony took place at the new D …
CONGRATULATIONS to and on the great news. So proud!
THANK YOU Texas, I love you!
Join me in Crosby, Texas as I deliver remarks and sign Executive Orders on Energy and Infrastructure!
So, it has now been determined, by 18 people that truly hate President Trump, that there was No Collusion with Russia. In fact, it was an illegal investigation that should never have been allowed to start. I fought back hard against this Phony & Treasonous Hoax!
Spoke to Bibi to congratulate him on a great and hard-fought win. The United States is with him and the People of Israel all the way!
Trump flags being waived at the Bibi VICTORY celebration last night!
RT: Judicial Watch President discussed the Trump coup in his Weekly Update: It was all based on this fraudulent d …
RT: BREAKING: JW announced today that it uncovered 422 pages of FBI documents showing evidence of “cover up” discussions rel …
Everybody is now acknowledging that, right from the time I announced my run for President, I was 100 % correct on the Border. Remember the heat I took? Democrats should now get rid of the loopholes. The Border is being fixed. Mexico will not let people through!
RT:. has " delivered on his promises... He has a background in delivering economically. He's promised to do cert …
RT: Trump Job Approval Jumps to 53 % - Seven Points Higher Than Obama
The Democrats must end the loopholes on immigration. So easy to solve!
“The underlying issue remains the same without a single American being indicted for Collusion with Russia, & that is a stunning end considering we were led to believe ( Fake News ) that something much more dramatic would happen. Why did people fall for this?” Molly H
THANK YOU, WORKING HARD!
Check this out - TRUTH!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President of the Arab Republic of Egypt to the!
“What’s completely unacceptable is for Congesswoman Omar to target Jews, in this case Stephen Miller.” Jeff Ballabon, B2 Strategic, CEO.
On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day, we honor the Americans captured and imprisoned by foreign powers while carrying out their duties to defend this great Nation...
The Mainstream Media has never been more inaccurate or corrupt than it is today. It only seems to get worse. So much Fake News!
... I got along very well with Jerry during the zoning and building process. Then I changed course ( slightly ), became President, and now I am dealing with Congressman Nadler again. Some things never end, but hopefully it will all go well for everyone. Only time will tell!
Congressman Jerry Nadler fought me for years on a very large development I built on the West Side of Manhattan. He wanted a Rail Yard built underneath the development or even better, to stop the job. He didn’t get either & the development became VERY successful. Nevertheless,...
The World Trade Organization finds that the European Union subsidies to Airbus has adversely impacted the United States, which will now put Tariffs on $ 11 Billion of EU products! The EU has taken advantage of the U. S. on trade for many years. It will soon stop!
RT: Our economy is on fire. Jobs are up, unemployment is at record lows, and wages are still rising. But Democrats would …
RT: The newly constructed 30 - foot wall in Calexico, CA, replaces a barrier made of surplus corrugated steel landing mats from t …
Congratulations to Virginia - Great game!
RT: BIGGER paychecks under President! 💰
A 9th Circuit Judge just ruled that Mexico is too dangerous for migrants. So unfair to the U. S. OUT OF CONTROL!
Congratulations to the Baylor Lady Bears on their amazing win last night against Notre Dame to become the 2019 NCAA Women’s Basketball National Champions!
The Democrats will never be satisfied, no matter what they get, how much they get, or how many pages they get. It will never end, but that’s the way life goes!
Uganda must find the kidnappers of the American Tourist and guide before people will feel safe in going there. Bring them to justice openly and quickly!
RT: Rep. on President Trump's tax returns: " There's no law that says they have to be public. " Watch full #Newsmakers in …
RT: Dems want President’s tax returns for purely political purposes! Frightening, but shouldn’t surprise us — same folks used th …
RT: Dem talk: - Abolish ICE - Borderless hemisphere - Walls are immoral - Illegals should vote - Raise taxes action: - Regs r …
“Jerry Nadler is not entitled to this information. He is doing this to get it to the Democrat 2020 nominee.”
“The reason the whole process seems so politicized is that Democrats made up this complete lie about Collusion... and none of it happened.” Charles Hurt. The Russian Hoax never happened, it was a fraud on the American people!
... Mexico must apprehend all illegals and not let them make the long march up to the United States, or we will have no other choice than to Close the Border and / or institute Tariffs. Our Country is FULL!
More apprehensions ( captures ) at the Southern Border than in many years. Border Patrol amazing! Country is FULL! System has been broken for many years. Democrats in Congress must agree to fix loopholes - No Open Borders ( Crimes & Drugs ). Will Close Southern Border If necessary...
... I am pleased to announce that Kevin McAleenan, the current U. S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner, will become Acting Secretary for. I have confidence that Kevin will do a great job!
Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen will be leaving her position, and I would like to thank her for her service...
RT:. is doing his job to SECURE OUR BORDER! is doing their job. It’s time for Congress to do its job and …
RT: The last 2 years, under, have been 2 years of action – it’s been 2 years of results – & it’s been 2 years …
Pleased to report that the American tourist and tour guide that were abducted in Uganda have been released. God bless them and their families!
Looks like Bob Mueller’s team of 13 Trump Haters & Angry Democrats are illegally leaking information to the press while the Fake News Media make up their own stories with or without sources - sources no longer matter to our corrupt & dishonest Mainstream Media, they are a Joke!
... In the meantime, the Democrats in Congress must help the Republicans ( we need their votes ) to end the horrible, costly and foolish loopholes in our Immigration Laws. Once that happens, all will be smooth. We can NEVER allow Open Borders!
... it’s powerful common sense Immigration Laws to stop illegals from coming through Mexico into the U. S., and removing them back to their country of origin. Until Mexico cleans up this ridiculous & massive migration, we will be focusing on Border Security, not Ports of Entry...
We have redeployed 750 agents at the Southern Border’s specific Ports of Entry in order to help with the large scale surge of illegal migrants trying to make their way into the United States. This will cause traffic & commercial delays until such time as Mexico is able to use...
“Give Up, Trump-Haters”
Why should I be defending a fraudulent Russian Witch Hunt. It’s about time the perpetrators of this fraud on me and the American People start defending their dishonest and treasonous acts. How and why did this terrible event begin? Never Forget!
To every member of the, thank you for your incredible support and your outstanding commitment to our Country, to our safety, and to electing MORE REPUBLICANS. Over the next 19 months, I know that the will help lead our party to another HISTORIC VICTORY! #TrumpAtRJC
... against something I knew never existed, Collusion with Russia ( so ridiculous! ) - No Obstruction. This Russia Hoax must never happen to another President, and Law Enforcement must find out, HOW DID IT START?
So, let’s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back...
Will be speaking today at the Republican Jewish Coalition ( ) meeting in Las Vegas, Nevada. See everyone soon!
So, let’s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back...
RT: NEW: Pres. Trump says he will hold a rally at an undetermined location rather than attend the White House Correspondents ' Dinner, …
... years and $ 30 million, and they found No Collusion, No Obstruction. But the Democrats, no matter what we give them, will NEVER be satisfied. A total waste of time. As has just stated, “Enough, America has had enough. What have you accomplished. Public is fed up.”
I have not read the Mueller Report yet, even though I have every right to do so. Only know the conclusions, and on the big one, No Collusion. Likewise, recommendations made to our great A. G. who found No Obstruction. 13 Angry Trump hating Dems ( later brought to 18 ) given two...
Thank you to two great people!
RT: Simply put: Walls work, and walls save lives.
RT: Let me answer that question for you - NO!!!
RT: " There is indeed an emergency on our southern border. It's been loud and clear. "
RT: TOMORROW: It’s a star-studded FOX episode of with, , and! What wil …
“Collusion was a Hoax from day one.”
“The lowest average jobs number for any President since 1951, 4.1 %. Economy doing great. If the Democrats win, it is all over.” I agree!
THANK YOU, , and!
RT: Thank you to all of the brave men and women of CBP who protect our country each and every day.
RT: The struggle in Venezuela is between dictatorship and democracy, and freedom has the momentum. Nicolas Maduro is a dictator with no …
RT: 🚨 Happening Now: President at the Southern Border with the great men and women who protect our country 24/7 …
Congratulations David, a very big deal!
RT: Americans will write our own economic destiny. Never believe the pessimists: Pro-growth, pro-worker policies work. America …
Just checked out the new Wall on the Border - GREAT! Leaving now for L. A.
Join me in California for a Roundtable on Immigration and Border Security!
Just arrived in Calexico, California!
Will soon be landing in Calexico, California to look at a portion of the new WALL being built on our Southern Border. Within two years we will have close to 400 miles built or under construction & keeping our Country SAFE – not easy when the Dems are always fighting to stop you!
The press is doing everything within their power to fight the magnificence of the phrase, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! They can’t stand the fact that this Administration has done more than virtually any other Administration in its first 2yrs. They are truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
“America Created 196,000 Jobs in March, Beating Expectations for 170,000”
I’ve employed thousands of Electrical Workers. They will be voting for me!
Congratulations to Brian Hagedorn on his big surprise win over a well funded Liberal Democrat in the Great State of Wisconsin for a very important Supreme Court seat. Republicans are producing big for Wisconsin!
JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
Heading to the Southern Border to show a section of the new Wall being built! Leaving now!
... This will supersede USMCA. Likewise I am looking at an economic penalty for the 500 Billion Dollars in illegal DRUGS that are shipped and smuggled through Mexico and across our Southern Border. Over 100,00 Americans die each year, sooo many families destroyed!
... However, if for any reason Mexico stops apprehending and bringing the illegals back to where they came from, the U. S. will be forced to Tariff at 25 % all cars made in Mexico and shipped over the Border to us. If that doesn’t work, which it will, I will close the Border...
The Crazed and Dishonest Washington Post again purposely got it wrong. Mexico, for the first time in decades, is meaningfully apprehending illegals at THEIR Southern Border, before the long march up to the U. S. This is great and the way it should be. The big flow will stop...
“Trolling the Mueller Report. Democrats Lost On Collusion. Now They’re Inventing A Coverup.” James Freeman
I am pleased to announce that Jovita Carranza will be nominated as the new Administrator. She will be replacing Linda McMahon, who has done an outstanding job. Jovita was a great Treasurer of the United States – and I look forward to her joining my Cabinet!
.: “How bad does border have to be for Democrats to admit it's an emergency?”
“Conservative support for Trump wall soars to 99 percent”
“Democrats need to help fix the border crisis or get out of Trump’s way”
Thank you!
WELCOME BACK JOE!
The New York Times had no legitimate sources, which would be totally illegal, concerning the Mueller Report. In fact, they probably had no sources at all! They are a Fake News paper who have already been forced to apologize for their incorrect and very bad reporting on me!
There is nothing we can ever give to the Democrats that will make them happy. This is the highest level of Presidential Harassment in the history of our Country!
According to polling, few people seem to care about the Russian Collusion Hoax, but some Democrats are fighting hard to keep the Witch Hunt alive. They should focus on legislation or, even better, an investigation of how the ridiculous Collusion Delusion got started - so illegal!
Despite the unnecessary and destructive actions taken by the Fed, the Economy is looking very strong, the China and USMCA deals are moving along nicely, there is little or no Inflation, and USA optimism is very high!
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IS THE PARTY OF THE AMERICAN DREAM!
The First Step Act proves that our Country can achieve amazing breakthroughs when we put politics aside, and put the interests of ALL Americans FIRST.
Congress must get together and immediately eliminate the loopholes at the Border! If no action, Border, or large sections of Border, will close. This is a National Emergency!
... This will be a great campaign issue. I never asked Mitch McConnell for a vote before the Election as has been incorrectly reported ( as usual ) in the, but only after the Election when we take back the House etc. Republicans will always support pre-existing conditions!
I was never planning a vote prior to the 2020 Election on the wonderful HealthCare package that some very talented people are now developing for me & the Republican Party. It will be on full display during the Election as a much better & less expensive alternative to ObamaCare...
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Secretary General to the!
Today, we celebrate the tremendous accomplishments of Americans with ASD and reaffirm our commitment to work together to ensure that every member of our society is afforded equal opportunities to reach their full potential. #WorldAutismAwarenessDay
“I haven’t seen any Democrats down here at the Border working with us or asking to speak to any of us. They have an open invitation. We are getting overrun, our facilities are overcapacity. We are at an emergency crisis.” Art Del Cueto, National Border Patrol Council.
After many years ( decades ), Mexico is apprehending large numbers of people at their Southern Border, mostly from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador. They have ALL been taking U. S. money for years, and doing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for us, just like the Democrats in Congress!
There is no amount of testimony or document production that can satisfy Jerry Nadler or Shifty Adam Schiff. It is now time to focus exclusively on properly running our great Country!
Robert Mueller was a God-like figure to the Democrats, until he ruled No Collusion in the long awaited $ 30,000, 000 Mueller Report. Now the Dems don’t even acknowledge his name, have become totally unhinged, and would like to go through the whole process again. It won’t happen!
World Autism Awareness Day 2019: Significance, history and theme via
In 1998, Rep.Jerry Nadler strongly opposed the release of the Starr Report on Bill Clinton. No information whatsoever would or could be legally released. But with the NO COLLUSION Mueller Report, which the Dems hate, he wants it all. NOTHING WILL EVER SATISFY THEM!
... The best thing that ever happened to Puerto Rico is President Donald J. Trump. So many wonderful people, but with such bad Island leadership and with so much money wasted. Cannot continue to hurt our Farmers and States with these massive payments, and so little appreciation!
Puerto Rico got 91 Billion Dollars for the hurricane, more money than has ever been gotten for a hurricane before, & all their local politicians do is complain & ask for more money. The pols are grossly incompetent, spend the money foolishly or corruptly, & only take from USA...
... the crazed and incompetent Mayor of San Juan have done such a poor job of bringing the Island back to health. 91 Billion Dollars to Puerto Rico, and now the Dems want to give them more, taking dollars away from our Farmers and so many others. Disgraceful!
... are GREAT, but the politicians are incompetent or corrupt. Puerto Rico got far more money than Texas & Florida combined, yet their government can’t do anything right, the place is a mess - nothing works. FEMA & the Military worked emergency miracles, but politicians like...
The Democrats today killed a Bill that would have provided great relief to Farmers and yet more money to Puerto Rico despite the fact that Puerto Rico has already been scheduled to receive more hurricane relief funding than any “place” in history. The people of Puerto Rico...
... back the House. It will be truly great HealthCare that will work for America. Also, Republicans will always support Pre-Existing Conditions. The Republican Party will be known as the Party of Great HealtCare. Meantime, the USA is doing better than ever & is respected again!
... are developing a really great HealthCare Plan with far lower premiums ( cost ) & deductibles than ObamaCare. In other words it will be far less expensive & much more usable than ObamaCare. Vote will be taken right after the Election when Republicans hold the Senate & win...
Everybody agrees that ObamaCare doesn’t work. Premiums & deductibles are far too high - Really bad HealthCare! Even the Dems want to replace it, but with Medicare for all, which would cause 180 million Americans to lose their beloved private health insurance. The Republicans...
Democrats should stop fighting Sen. David Perdue’s disaster relief bill. They are blocking funding and relief for our great farmers and rural America!
No matter what information is given to the crazed Democrats from the No Collusion Mueller Report, it will never be good enough. Behind closed doors the Dems are laughing!
The cost of ObamaCare is far too high for our great citizens. The deductibles, in many cases way over $ 7000, make it almost worthless or unusable. Good things are going to happen!
Can you believe that the Radical Left Democrats want to do our new and very important Census Report without the all important Citizenship Question. Report would be meaningless and a waste of the $ Billions ( ridiculous ) that it costs to put together!
RT: Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our …
RT: Everybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the No Collusion, No Obstruction Trump Campaign bega …
Democrats, working with Republicans in Congress, can fix the Asylum and other loopholes quickly. We have a major National Emergency at our Border. GET IT DONE NOW!
Now that the long awaited Mueller Report conclusions have been released, most Democrats and others have gone back to the pre-Witch Hunt phase of their lives before Collusion Delusion took over. Others are pretending that their former hero, Bob Mueller, no longer exists!
The Democrats are allowing a ridiculous asylum system and major loopholes to remain as a mainstay of our immigration system. Mexico is likewise doing NOTHING, a very bad combination for our Country. Homeland Security is being sooo very nice, but not for long!
“Outrageous, it’s the Adam Schiff problem. People abusing the access to classified data to then go out in public and make allegations that didn’t prove to be true. You look at a decision to essentially investigate a political rival. Who made it?” James Freeman ,
Everybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the No Collusion, No Obstruction Trump Campaign began. We need to know for future generations to understand. This Hoax should never be allowed to happen to another President or Administration again!
“The Trump Administration has succeeded in dramatically raising the costs to Iran for its sinister behavior, at no cost to the U. S. or our allies. That’s the definition of a foreign-policy achievement.” Bret Stephens, We are getting stronger all over the world, watch!
Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our detention areas are maxed out & we will take no more illegals. Next step is to close the Border! This will also help us with stopping the Drug flow from Mexico!
It would be so easy to fix our weak and very stupid Democrat inspired immigration laws. In less than one hour, and then a vote, the problem would be solved. But the Dems don’t care about the crime, they don’t want any victory for Trump and the Republicans, even if good for USA!
In honor of his past service to our Country, Navy Seal #EddieGallagher will soon be moved to less restrictive confinement while he awaits his day in court. Process should move quickly!
A huge thanks to for serving America at the. Great work! I ’ m proud to have you join the Fulbright board!
So funny that The New York Times & The Washington Post got a Pulitzer Prize for their coverage ( 100 % NEGATIVE and FAKE! ) of Collusion with Russia - And there was No Collusion! So, they were either duped or corrupt? In any event, their prizes should be taken away by the Committee!
... The problem is, no matter what the Radical Left Democrats get, no matter what we give them, it will never be enough. Just watch, they will Harass & Complain & Resist ( the theme of their movement ). So maybe we should just take our victory and say NO, we’ve got a Country to run!
Robert Mueller was a Hero to the Radical Left Democrats, until he ruled that there was No Collusion with Russia ( so ridiculous to even say! ). After more than two years since the “insurance policy” statement was made by a dirty cop, I got the answers I wanted, the Truth...
Had the Fed not mistakenly raised interest rates, especially since there is very little inflation, and had they not done the ridiculously timed quantitative tightening, the 3.0 % GDP, & Stock Market, would have both been much higher & World Markets would be in a better place!
... the Border, or large sections of the Border, next week. This would be so easy for Mexico to do, but they just take our money and “talk.” Besides, we lose so much money with them, especially when you add in drug trafficking etc. ), that the Border closing would be a good thing!
... through their country and our Southern Border. Mexico has for many years made a fortune off of the U. S., far greater than Border Costs. If Mexico doesn’t immediately stop ALL illegal immigration coming into the United States throug our Southern Border, I will be CLOSING...
The DEMOCRATS have given us the weakest immigration laws anywhere in the World. Mexico has the strongest, & they make more than $ 100 Billion a year on the U. S. Therefore, CONGRESS MUST CHANGE OUR WEAK IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW, & Mexico must stop illegals from entering the U. S...
This has been an incredible couple of weeks for AMERICA!
On this Vietnam War Veterans Day, we celebrate the brave Vietnam Veterans and all of America’s Veterans. Thank you for your service to our great Nation!
Working hard, thank you! #MAGA
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Massive overflow crowds in Grand Rapids, Michigan tonight. Thank you for joining us tonight! #MAGA
Beautiful #MAGARally tonight in Grand Rapids, Michigan - thank you, I love you! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
On my way to Grand Rapids, Michigan right now. See you all very soon! #MAGA
We have a National Emergency at our Southern Border. The Dems refuse to do what they know is necessary - amend our immigration laws. Would immediately solve the problem! Mexico, with the strongest immigration laws in the World, refuses to help with illegal immigration & drugs!
The Republican Party will become the Party of Great HealthCare! ObamaCare is a disaster, far too expensive and deductibility ridiculously high - virtually unusable! Moving forward in Courts and Legislatively!
Very important that OPEC increase the flow of Oil. World Markets are fragile, price of Oil getting too high. Thank you!
Wow, ratings for “Morning Joe, ” which were really bad in the first place, just “ tanked” with the release of the Mueller Report. Likewise, other shows on MSNBC and CNN have gone down by as much as 50 %. Just shows, Fake News never wins!
Congressman Adam Schiff, who spent two years knowingly and unlawfully lying and leaking, should be forced to resign from Congress!
FBI & DOJ to review the outrageous Jussie Smollett case in Chicago. It is an embarrassment to our Nation!
Mexico is doing NOTHING to help stop the flow of illegal immigrants to our Country. They are all talk and no action. Likewise, Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador have taken our money for years, and do Nothing. The Dems don’t care, such BAD laws. May close the Southern Border!
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They are suffering a major “breakdown,” have ZERO credibility or respect, & must be thinking about going legit. I have learned to live with Fake News, which has never been more corrupt than it is right now. Someday, I will tell you the secret!
Will be heading to Grand Rapids, Michigan, tonight for a Big Rally. Will be talking about the many exciting things that are happening to our Country, but also the car companies, & others, that are pouring back into Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, North & South Carolina & all over!


RT: #HANNITY EXCLUSIVE TONIGHT: One-on-one with — the President’s first interview since Mueller found no coll …
We are here today to award America’s highest military honor to a fallen hero who made the supreme sacrifice for our nation – Staff Sergeant Travis Atkins...
Just met with, President of, who is obviously doing quite well. He stated strongly that he is totally committed to the U. S. Military, not the Chinese Military...
... Also discussed political fairness and various things that can do for our Country. Meeting ended very well!

.: “Trump-Russia ' collusion ' was always a hoax - - and dirtiest political trick in modern US history”
The Fake News Media has lost tremendous credibility with its corrupt coverage of the illegal Democrat Witch Hunt of your all time favorite duly elected President, me! T. V. ratings of CNN & MSNBC tanked last night after seeing the Mueller Report statement. up BIG!


“I think this is probably the most consequential media screwup of the last 25 to 50 years. It is difficult to comprehend or overstate the damage that the media did to the Country, to their own reputation or to the Constitution. An absolute catastrophe” Sean Davis
“Proclamation on Recognizing the Golan Heights as Part of the State of Israel”
Thank you to the House Republicans for sticking together and the BIG WIN today on the Border. Today’s vote simply reaffirms Congressional Democrats are the party of Open Borders, Drugs and Crime!
“A Catastrophic Media Failure”
The Republican Party will become “The Party of Healthcare!”
“What we’re seeing on Capitol Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.” Should never have been started, a disgrace!
“What we’re seeing on Capital Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.” Should never have been started, a disgrace!
RT: Let’s be clear, neither Mueller, Obama FBI, DOJ, CIA, Deep State, etc ever had good faith basis to pursue o …
The Mainstream Media is under fire and being scorned all over the World as being corrupt and FAKE. For two years they pushed the Russian Collusion Delusion when they always knew there was No Collusion. They truly are the Enemy of the People and the Real Opposition Party!
RT: Tom Fitton on Russia Mueller Probe: ' They've KNOWN There Was NO Collusion " And, by the way, is …
RT: Christmas came early this week.
RT: Thank you Mr. President 🇺 🇸 for all of your sacrifice, your hard work, and your thoughtful leadership. …
RT: The Stanley Cup and the Caps with President Trump in the Oval Office. What a picture!
A team of great champions!
RT: Hanging out in the Roosevelt Room, waiting to head into the oval office. #stanleycup …
RT: The #Caps won a Stanley Cup so they get to spend the next hour here touring and meeting the President in a private event. h …
WSJ: Obama Admin Must Account for ‘ Abuse of Surveillance Powers’ via
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister of Israel back to the where I signed a Presidential Proclamation recognizing Israel’s sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Read more:

RT: Good Morning, Have A Great Day!
RT: No Collusion, No Obstruction, Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
RT: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Breaking News: Mueller Report Finds No Trump-Russia Conspiracy.”
“The Special Counsel did not find that the Trump Campaign, or anyone associated with it, conspired or coordinated with the Russian Government in these efforts, despite multiple offers from Russian-affiliated individuals to assist the Trump Campaign.”
“No matter your ideologies or your loyalties, this is a good day for America. No American conspired to cooperate with Russia in its efforts to interfere with the 2016 election, according to Robert Mueller, and that is good.”
No Collusion, No Obstruction, Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good Morning, Have A Great Day!
Today in Florida, and I were honored to welcome and meet with leaders from the Bahamas, Dominican Republic, Haiti, Jamaica, and Saint Lucia!
It was announced today by the U. S. Treasury that additional large scale Sanctions would be added to those already existing Sanctions on North Korea. I have today ordered the withdrawal of those additional Sanctions!
It is my pleasure to announce that, a very respected Economist, will be nominated to serve on the Fed Board. I have known Steve for a long time – and have no doubt he will be an outstanding choice!
... There is nothing to admire about them, they will always try to show a glimmer of vicious hope, but they are losers and barely breathing. Think about that before you destroy your lives and the lives of your family!
ISIS uses the internet better than almost anyone, but for all of those susceptible to ISIS propaganda, they are now being beaten badly at every level...


“Our own Benjamin Hall is doing fantastic reporting on ISIS right on the from line ( True ). ISIS was willing to die but now, because of big pressure, save for a few people in caves, most have surrendered. A testament to our President.” Thank you Pete Hegseth
3.1 GDP FOR THE YEAR, BEST NUMBER IN 14 YEARS!
RT: The American dream is back because President Trump understands what many experts don't: that restoring American greatness i …
RT: You can't deny our economy is roaring: * fastest GDP growth in 13 years * 1M more job openings than people looking for …
RT: Super excited today that is signing an executive order today to protect free speech rights for ALL stu …
RT: President ' s historic investments in our defense industrial base keep two of his biggest promises to voters …
RT: Today, there are plenty of reasons for that trust. Manufacturing jobs are roaring back. Blue-collar workers are set to make …
Today we celebrate the lives and achievements of Americans with Down Syndrome. and I will always stand with these wonderful families, and together we will always stand for LIFE! #WorldDownSyndromeDay
We are here today to take historic action to defend American Students and American Values. In a few moments, I will be signing an Executive Order to protect FREE SPEECH on College Campuses.
After 52 years it is time for the United States to fully recognize Israel’s Sovereignty over the Golan Heights, which is of critical strategic and security importance to the State of Israel and Regional Stability!
“John Solomon: As Russia Collusion fades, Ukrainian plot to help Clinton emerges.”
“The reason we have the Special Counsel investigation is that James Comey ( a dirty cop ) leaked his memos to a friend, who leaked them to the press, on purpose.” Totally illegal!

Leaving the GREAT STATE of OHIO for the. A really great day!

ISIS Caliphate two years ago in red vs. ISIS Caliphate TODAY. ( Was even worse in November 2016 before I took office ).
Really beautiful to see!
Great news from! They are investing nearly $ 1 BILLION in Flat Rock, Michigan for auto production on top of a $ 1 BILLION investment last month in a facility outside of Chicago. Companies are pouring back into the United States - they want to be where the action is!
I am thrilled to be here in Ohio with the hardworking men and women of the Lima Army Tank Plant! We are here today to celebrate a resounding victory for all of you, for Northwest Ohio, for our GREAT MILITARY, and for our entire Country...
George Conway, often referred to as Mr. Kellyanne Conway by those who know him, is VERY jealous of his wife’s success & angry that I, with her help, didn’t give him the job he so desperately wanted. I barely know him but just take a look, a stone cold LOSER & husband from hell!
The Democrats are getting very “strange.” They now want to change the voting age to 16, abolish the Electoral College, and Increase significantly the number of Supreme Court Justices. Actually, you’ve got to win it at the Ballot Box!
Not a good situation!
... just the large States - the Cities would end up running the Country. Smaller States & the entire Midwest would end up losing all power - & we can’t let that happen. I used to like the idea of the Popular Vote, but now realize the Electoral College is far better for the U. S. A.
Campaigning for the Popular Vote is much easier & different than campaigning for the Electoral College. It’s like training for the 100 yard dash vs. a marathon. The brilliance of the Electoral College is that you must go to many States to win. With the Popular Vote, you go to...
RT: My latest OP-Ed on Tech Censorship - check it out and RT. Conservatives face a tough fight as Big Tech's censorship e …
Thank you, could not have said it any better myself!
Amazingly, CNN just released a poll at 71 %, saying that the economy is in the best shape since 2001, 18 years! WOW, is CNN becoming a believer?
I will be looking into this! #StopTheBias
Facebook, Google and Twitter, not to mention the Corrupt Media, are sooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats. But fear not, we will win anyway, just like we did before! #MAGA
“You can’t dispel this mood of positive energy.” The Economy is Great!
A total loser!
The Fake News Media has NEVER been more Dishonest or Corrupt than it is right now. There has never been a time like this in American History. Very exciting but also, very sad! Fake News is the absolute Enemy of the People and our Country itself!
Rep. Devin Nunes Files $ 250M Defamation Lawsuit Against Twitter, Two Anonymous Twitter Accounts via
While the press doesn’t like writing about it, nor do I need them to, I donate my yearly Presidential salary of $ 400,000. 00 to different agencies throughout the year, this to Homeland Security. If I didn’t do it there would be hell to pay from the FAKE NEWS MEDIA!
Our prayers are with the great people of South Dakota. We are staying in close contact with and all the State and Local leaders during and after these devastating floods. Everyone be safe!
My team is staying in close contact with Governor Kim Reynolds ( ) of Iowa and the local officials managing these floods. We support you and thank all of the first responders working long hours to help the great people of Iowa!
GDP growth during the four quarters of 2018 was the fastest since 2005. This Administration is the first on record to have experienced economic growth that meets or exceeds its own forecasts in each of its first two years in office. GROWTH is beating MARKET EXPECTATIONS!
Wow! A Suffolk / USA Today Poll, just out, states, “50 % of Americans AGREE that Robert Mueller’s investigation is a Witch Hunt.” Very few think it is legit! We will soon find out?
The Fake News Media is working overtime to blame me for the horrible attack in New Zealand. They will have to work very hard to prove that one. So Ridiculous!
Joe Biden got tongue tied over the weekend when he was unable to properly deliver a very simple line about his decision to run for President. Get used to it, another low I. Q. individual!
93 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
... are all coming back to the U. S. So is everyone else. We now have the best Economy in the World, the envy of all. Get that big, beautiful plant in Ohio open now. Close a plant in China or Mexico, where you invested so heavily pre-Trump, but not in the U. S. A. Bring jobs home!
General Motors and the UAW are going to start “talks” in September / October. Why wait, start them now! I want jobs to stay in the U. S. A. and want Lordstown ( Ohio ), in one of the best economies in our history, opened or sold to a company who will open it up fast! Car companies...
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
What the Democrats have done in trying to steal a Presidential Election, first at the “ballot box ” and then, after that failed, with the “ Insurance Policy,” is the biggest Scandal in the history of our Country!
Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors about the Lordstown Ohio plant. I am not happy that it is closed when everything else in our Country is BOOMING. I asked her to sell it or do something quickly. She blamed the UAW Union — I don’t care, I just want it open!
RT: Russiagate was designed in part to help the UK counter Russian influence by baiting the United States into taking a ha …
RT: Why did CNN cut her off after she destroyed their Islamophobia hoax?
RT: “Teen stabbed about 100 times and set on fire in MS - 13 murder, police say”
RT: Absolutely true, President Trump. When those three show up, I turn …
RT: POWELL: Andrew Weissmann — The Kingpin Of Prosecutorial Misconduct — Leaves Mueller’s Squad | The Daily Caller
RT: Happy St. Patrick's Day! ☘ ️
RT: David Urban: Trump’s PA popularity no accident |
RT:
RT: We have to fight back. They have not let up on President Trump, nor his supporters since they lost. They are losers, we are win …
RT: REVEALED: Foreign Government Official Offered Hillary Campaign Dirt On Trump [ Details ]
RT: BREAKING: = = > Minnesota Democrats make move to REMOVE Ilhan Omar from Congress...
RT: Christopher Steele Admits Using Posts By ‘ Random Individuals’ From CNN To Back Up Trump Dossier
RT: President Trump Defends Judge Jeanine After Fox Censors Her Show
RT: NPR Accidentally Admits Border Fences Are Effective - Over past several decades, migrants have turned to more rugged par …
RT: Meghan MCCain took a swipe at Trump suggesting “no one will ever love you like they loved my father” WRONG Meghan! Million …
Those Republican Senators who voted in favor of Strong Border Security ( and the Wall ) are being uniformly praised as they return to their States. They know there is a National Emergency at the Southern Border, and they had the courage to ACT. Great job!
Were weekend anchors, and, trained by CNN prior to their ratings collapse? In any event, that’s where they should be working, along with their lowest rated anchor, Shepard Smith!
Democrat UAW Local 1112 President David Green ought to get his act together and produce. G. M. let our Country down, but other much better car companies are coming into the U. S. in droves. I want action on Lordstown fast. Stop complaining and get the job done! 3.8 % Unemployment!

... to the people that got you there. Keep fighting for Tucker, and fight hard for. Your competitors are jealous - they all want what you’ve got - NUMBER ONE. Don’t hand it to them on a silver platter. They can’t beat you, you can only beat yourselves!

... must stay strong and fight back with vigor. Stop working sooo hard on being politically correct, which will only bring you down, and continue to fight for our Country. The losers all want what you have, don’t give it to them. Be strong & prosper, be weak & die! Stay true...
Bring back Pirro. The Radical Left Democrats, working closely with their beloved partner, the Fake News Media, is using every trick in the book to SILENCE a majority of our Country. They have all out campaigns against hosts who are doing too well. Fox...
Happy St. Patrick’s Day! ☘ ️
So it was indeed ( just proven in court papers ) “last in his class” ( Annapolis ) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He & the Dems, working together, failed ( as usual ). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
So it was indeed ( just proven in court papers ) “last in his class” ( Annapolis ) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He & the Dems, working together, failed ( as usual ). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
Report: Christopher Steele backed up his Democrat & Crooked Hillary paid for Fake & Unverified Dossier with information he got from “send in watchers” of low ratings CNN. This is the info that got us the Witch Hunt!
... Should Federal Election Commission and / or FCC look into this? There must be Collusion with the Democrats and, of course, Russia! Such one sided media coverage, most of it Fake News. Hard to believe I won and am winning. Approval Rating 52 %, 93 % with Republicans. Sorry! #MAGA
It’s truly incredible that shows like Saturday Night Live, not funny / no talent, can spend all of their time knocking the same person ( me ), over & over, without so much of a mention of “the other side.” Like an advertisement without consequences. Same with Late Night Shows...
RT: I ’ d like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL. This …
RT:... THIS SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN TO A PRESIDENT AGAIN!
RT:... should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller Report. This was an illegal & conflicted investiga …
RT: So, if there was knowingly & acknowledged to be “zero” crime when the Special Counsel was appointed, and if the appoin …
RT: “ New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI, DOJ & CIA were working together to Spy on ( and take out ) President T …
How is the Paris Environmental Accord working out for France? After 18 weeks of rioting by the Yellow Vest Protesters, I guess not so well! In the meantime, the United States has gone to the top of all lists on the Environment.
Google is helping China and their military, but not the U. S. Terrible! The good news is that they helped Crooked Hillary Clinton, and not Trump... and how did that turn out?
Because the economy is so good, General Motors must get their Lordstown, Ohio, plant open, maybe in a different form or with a new owner, FAST! Toyota is investing 13.5 $ Billion in U. S., others likewise. G. M. MUST ACT QUICKLY. Time is of the essence!
Spreading the fake and totally discredited Dossier “is unfortunately a very dark stain against John McCain. ” Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel. He had far worse “ stains” than this, including thumbs down on repeal and replace after years of campaigning to repeal and replace!
This is a National Emergency...
RT: Sheriff Hodgson: " Mr. President, you have stood up and you’ve taken the action. And the American people are behind you and …
RT: Sheriff Louderback: " The sheriffs and men and women of law enforcement in this room and across this nation owe you a debt o …
RT: Attorney General Bill Barr: “ The crisis that we’re dealing with today is right on our door step and it presents a real clea …
Mark Morgan, Former Border Patrol Chief with great experience in Law Enforcement, really understands the subjects of Immigration and the Border. Thank you Mark!

Veto Message to the House of Representatives for H. J. Res. 46:

On the recent non-binding vote ( 420-0 ) in Congress about releasing the Mueller Report, I told leadership to let all Republicans vote for transparency. Makes us all look good and doesn’t matter. Play along with the game!


Just spoke w /. The people of Nebraska & across the Midwest, especially the Farmers & Ranchers, are feeling the impacts from severe weather. The first responders & emergency response teams have done a great job dealing w / record flooding, high winds, & road closures.

Just spoke with Jacinda Ardern, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, regarding the horrific events that have taken place over the past 24 hours. I informed the Prime Minister...
... that we stand in solidarity with New Zealand – and that any assistance the U. S. A. can give, we stand by ready to help. We love you New Zealand!
I ’ d like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL. This will help stop Crime, Human Trafficking, and Drugs entering our Country. Watch, when you get back to your State, they will LOVE you more than ever before!
... THIS SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN TO A PRESIDENT AGAIN!
... should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller Report. This was an illegal & conflicted investigation in search of a crime. Russian Collusion was nothing more than an excuse by the Democrats for losing an Election that they thought they were going to win...
So, if there was knowingly & acknowledged to be “zero” crime when the Special Counsel was appointed, and if the appointment was made based on the Fake Dossier ( paid for by Crooked Hillary ) and now disgraced Andrew McCabe ( he & all stated no crime ), then the Special Counsel...
“New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI, DOJ & CIA were working together to Spy on ( and take out ) President Trump, all the way back in 2015.” A transcript of Peter Strzok’s testimony is devastating. Hopefully the Mueller Report will be covering this.
The ‘ Jexodus’ movement encourages Jewish people to leave the Democrat Party. Total disrespect! Republicans are waiting with open arms. Remember Jerusalem ( U. S. Embassy ) and the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal!
My warmest sympathy and best wishes goes out to the people of New Zealand after the horrible massacre in the Mosques. 49 innocent people have so senselessly died, with so many more seriously injured. The U. S. stands by New Zealand for anything we can do. God bless all!
Breitbart News Network via

I look forward to VETOING the just passed Democrat inspired Resolution which would OPEN BORDERS while increasing Crime, Drugs, and Trafficking in our Country. I thank all of the Strong Republicans who voted to support Border Security and our desperately needed WALL!
VETO!
Congratulations! BIG NEWS for U. S. Auto Workers! The USMCA is already fixing the broken NAFTA deal.
A vote for today’s resolution by Republican Senators is a vote for Nancy Pelosi, Crime, and the Open Border Democrats!
... If, at a later date, Congress wants to update the law, I will support those efforts, but today’s issue is BORDER SECURITY and Crime!!! Don’t vote with Pelosi!
Prominent legal scholars agree that our actions to address the National Emergency at the Southern Border and to protect the American people are both CONSTITUTIONAL and EXPRESSLY authorized by Congress...
Happy National Ag Day!
The three very weak and untalented late night “hosts ” are “ fighting over table scraps. Carson did a great job, it wasn’t political. I don’t know what they’re going to do in 2024 when he’s no longer President? Will be wacky in the unemployment line.” Michael Loftus
The Democrats are “Border Deniers.” They refuse to see or acknowledge the Death, Crime, Drugs and Human Trafficking at our Southern Border!
My Administration looks forward to negotiating a large scale Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. The potential is unlimited!
A big National Emergency vote today by The United States Senate on Border Security & the Wall ( which is already under major construction ). I am prepared to veto, if necessary. The Southern Border is a National Security and Humanitarian Nightmare, but it can be easily fixed!
“Democrats are frantic to throw something else at the President. That’s why you saw those 81 subpoenas. It’s ridiculous. Just because your still upset over an election that happened 2 1/2 years ago, you should not be allowed to ruin people’s lives like this.” Lara Trump ,
RT: January 16, 2019: 247 illegal migrants rush the border in New Mexico. This is a national emergency.
I agree with Rand Paul. This is a total disgrace and should NEVER happen to another President!
“The Lisa Page ( FBI ) transcript also confirms earlier reporting that Page testified Russian Collusion was still unproven when Special Counsel Robert Mueller was appointed.” Catherine Herridge, In other words they appointed someone when there was ( and is ) no crime. Bad!
“Double Standard - Former FBI lawyer ( Lisa Page ) admits being told to go easy on Clinton.” Very unfair!
Republican Senators are overthinking tomorrow’s vote on National Emergency. It is very simply Border Security / No Crime - Should not be thought of any other way. We have a MAJOR NATIONAL EMERGENCY at our Border and the People of our Country know it very well!
Democrats will have a unanimous vote on a 20 % issue in opposing Republican Senators tomorrow. The Dems are for Open Borders and Crime!
RT: statements vs #Impeachment are refreshing & conciliatory. Her conclusion that attempting to remove …
RT: As #RobertMueller approaches the end, interesting how little anti-Trumpers are invoking infamous #SteeleDossier the tabl …
RT: AG Letitia James of New York is abusing her power by targeting the POTUS. Using the Attorney General office as a weapo …
Comey testified ( under oath ) that it was a “unanimous” decision on Crooked Hillary. Lisa Page transcripts show he LIED.
The Fake News photoshopped pictures of Melania, then propelled conspiracy theories that it’s actually not her by my side in Alabama and other places. They are only getting more deranged with time!
The just revealed FBI Agent Lisa Page transcripts make the Obama Justice Department look exactly like it was, a broken and corrupt machine. Hopefully, justice will finally be served. Much more to come!
Defying voters, the Governor of California will halt all death penalty executions of 737 stone cold killers. Friends and families of the always forgotten VICTIMS are not thrilled, and neither am I!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Jay Leno points out that comedy ( on the very boring late night shows ) is totally one-sided. It’s tough when there’s only one topic.” Actually, the one-sided hatred on these shows is incredible and for me, unwatchable. But remember, WE are number one - President!
... a man who is considered by many to be the President with the most successful first two years in history, especially when he has done nothing wrong and impeachment is for “high crimes and misdemeanors”?
I greatly appreciate Nancy Pelosi’s statement against impeachment, but everyone must remember the minor fact that I never did anything wrong, the Economy and Unemployment are the best ever, Military and Vets are great - and many other successes! How do you impeach...
So many records being set with respect to our Economy. Unemployment numbers among BEST EVER. A beautiful thing to watch!
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman & Cuomo. So many leaving New York!
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman & Coumo. So many leaving New York!
RT: The NY Attorney General called President Trump an “illegitimate president.” She has proven to have a vendetta against …
RT: Dear God, Thank you for answering our prayers. A grateful Nation #GodBlessAmerica 🇺 🇸 #PresidentTrump #ElectionDay
RT: Why did try to block Congress from learning that the Clinton campaign paid for the Dossier?
RT: Why did say that his talks with Michael Cohen were limited to inviting him and allaying any concerns about thre …
RT: Well done! As we spoke about on the campaign trail and in hunting camp #publiclands is a big issue for us …
RT: Why did fail to disclose that he met with Glenn Simpson ( whose Dossier oppo research was funded by the Clinton …
All part of the Witch Hunt!
RT: All across America, hardworking taxpayers balance their household budgets, find ways to do more with less, and still manage …
RT: - Labor force participation of prime-age females reached 76 % in January, matching the highest rate since ‘ 03 - Wages are …
RT: America’s economy is stronger than ever & women in the workforce are thriving: - Female unemployment reached its LOW …
RT: Real average hourly earnings rose 1.9 % during the past 12 months, well exceeding the 0.4 % pace during the year-earlier p …
RT: Thank you for hosting me today! As I told their members: we’re asking every member of the US Senate: A vote against the Presi …
RT: For the first time in his presidency, flipped an appeals court to now have a majority of Republican-appoin …
RT: Today, President signed the John D. Dingell, Jr. Conservation, Management, and Recreation Act, which prote …
RT: More good news today: “Real wages for American families are soaring,” says. And along with those rising wage …
New York State and its Governor, Andrew Cuomo, are now proud members of the group of PRESIDENTIAL HARASSERS. No wonder people are fleeing the State in record numbers. The Witch Hunt continues!
RT: While you may never personally become addicted, the chances of knowing someone who struggles with it are high. If you, or someo …
... needed, and the complexity creates danger. All of this for great cost yet very little gain. I don’t know about you, but I don’t want Albert Einstein to be my pilot. I want great flying professionals that are allowed to easily and quickly take control of a plane!
Airplanes are becoming far too complex to fly. Pilots are no longer needed, but rather computer scientists from MIT. I see it all the time in many products. Always seeking to go one unnecessary step further, when often old and simpler is far better. Split second decisions are...
Patrick Moore, co-founder of Greenpeace: “The whole climate crisis is not only Fake News, it’s Fake Science. There is no climate crisis, there’s weather and climate all around the world, and in fact carbon dioxide is the main building block of all life.” Wow!
“Jewish people are leaving the Democratic Party. We saw a lot of anti Israel policies start under the Obama Administration, and it got worsts & worse. There is anti-Semitism in the Democratic Party. They don’t care about Israel or the Jewish people.” Elizabeth Pipko, Jexodus.
Republican Senators have a very easy vote this week. It is about Border Security and the Wall ( stopping Crime, Drugs etc. ), not Constitutionality and Precedent. It is an 80 % positive issue. The Dems are 100 % United, as usual, on a 20 % issue, Open Borders and Crime. Get tough R’s!
RT: Kate Steinle. Sarah Root. Grant Ronnebeck. We willl no longer be bystanders to these crimes committed by illegal alien …
RT:. made history by including a national paid family leave proposal in a presidential budget. This invest …
Making Daylight Saving Time permanent is O. K. with me!
At a recent round table meeting of business executives, & long after formally introducing Tim Cook of Apple, I quickly referred to Tim + Apple as Tim / Apple as an easy way to save time & words. The Fake News was disparagingly all over this, & it became yet another bad Trump story!
RT: NEW: Dark money group gave $ 2 Million DEMOCRACY INTEGRITY PROJECT, the org that hired Fusion GPS and Chris Steele to bolst …
RT: BIG: Uncovers DOJ Docs Showing Numerous Bruce Ohr Communications with Clinton / DNC's Fusion GPS, Christopher St …
RT: With today touring a Gaza terror tunnel. Cost of tunnel = cost of 2 new schools = cost of 30 new homes. # …
RT: Executive Business meeting this morning on judicial nominees in the committee. WATCH:
RT: H. R. 1 is a blatant power grab to give Washington bureaucrats control over what American citizens can say about politics, …
RT: BREAKING: US Border Patrol says that after physical barriers were erected in San Diego and El Paso sectors, as well as Yum …
RT: BREAKING: Even Mueller's case against Russia itself, for interfering in the 2016 election, is breaking down
RT: The real collusion scandal... why haven't Hillary Clinton and her lawyers been questioned about their collusion with Fusion …
RT: Top House Dem says Cohen likely to face DOJ perjury probe #FoxNews
RT:. has another ethics scandal as a result of his and his staff colluding with Cohen on his testimony, which was …
“There’s not one shred of evidence that President Trump has done anything wrong.” One America News. So true, a total Witch Hunt - All started illegally by Crooked Hillary Clinton, the DNC and others!
RT: If Schiff wasn't coaching Cohen on how to go after Trump before his testimony and was just going over procedural issues, w …
More people are working today in the United States, 158,000, 000, than at any time in our Country’s history. That is a Big Deal!
Despite the most hostile and corrupt media in the history of American politics, the Trump Administration has accomplished more in its first two years than any other Administration. Judges, biggest Tax & Regulation Cuts, V. A. Choice, Best Economy, Lowest Unemployment & much more!
RT: “ Public optimism in their personal economy has hit a 16 - year high under President Trump. " “ The job market doesn’t get much …
RT: Great to be in Kentucky! I ’ m proud to stand with who is working tirelessly for the great people of the Bluegrass …
“Donald Trump’s Approval Rating is at or near his highest level ever. The media is not being honest about what is happening in this Country.” Jesse Watters
RT:. uncovers major Ohr-Steele-Fusion GPS collusion docs PLUS did Schiff conspire with Cohen to smear …
RT: Economic security is national security. That's the principle at work as President helps our veterans tra …
RT: Since the mainstream media doesn’t cover the booming economy enough: - Wage growth just hit 3.4 % – the …
Will soon be 145 Judges!
This is just the beginning!
RT: Democrats so far in 2019: ✅ Won't condemn anti-semitism in the House of Reps. ✅ Do nothing against a racist Governor w …
The Witch Hunt continues!
... and renovated, with MUCH MORE to follow shortly. Tens of thousands of illegals are being apprehended ( captured ) at the Border and NOT allowed into our Country. With another President, millions would be pouring in. I am stopping an invasion as the Wall gets built. #MAGA
Wacky Nut Job, who still hasn’t figured out that, despite all odds and an entire Democrat Party of Far Left Radicals against me ( not to mention certain Republicans who are sadly unwilling to fight ), I am winning on the Border. Major sections of Wall are being built...
I hope the grandstanding Governor of California is able to spend his very highly taxed citizens money on asylum holds more efficiently than money has been spent on the so-called Fast Train, which is $ Billions over budget & in total disarray. Time to reduce taxes in California!
RT: Before Michael Cohen's testimony last week, he and Adam Schiff met for TEN hours. But last Sunday, Schiff told CBS his …
RT: Is there anything that the Democrats stand for that aligns with American values anymore? Now that they’ve gone all-in on anti …
RT: Today I offered a motion to recommit #HR1 reaffirming that only US citizens should have the right to vote. Dems rejec …
Border Patrol and Law Enforcement has apprehended ( captured ) large numbers of illegal immigrants at the Border. They won’t be coming into the U. S. The Wall is being built and will greatly help us in the future, and now!

. “The only time that Michael Cohen told the truth is when he pled that he is guilty. ” Also when he said no collusion and I did not tell him to lie!”
RT: President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump view memorial crosses for the 23 people killed in the Alabama tornadoes.
Unimaginable loss - Such great people!
RT: Thank you for your exemplary service to our nation Secretary Wilson!
RT: Happy #InternationalWomensDay2019
RT: Happy International Women’s Day! #IWD2019 #WGDP
RT: Victor Davis Hanson is on next. His new book, the Case for Trump, is out now!
RT: Ron DeSantis, America’s governor
RT: Jobs Report: Most Important Highlight Non-Supervisory Wages continue to surge and outpace overall wage increases This is amaz …
RT: Radical Dimms embarrass themselves: Debate over anti-Semitism charges exposes divide in Democratic Party.
RT: #AmericaFirst –: Democrats couldn’t condemn anti-semitism. That’s because the radical, left-wing socialists have …
RT:. exposed that Clinton operation and FBI paying Steele at the same time here:
RT: NEW: Cohen Testimony is Abuse of: Deep State Abuse and Leaks Targets Trump Family / WH On Security Clearances …
Sessions didn’t have a clue!
Aluminum prices are down 12 % since I instituted Tariffs on Aluminum Dumping - and the U. S. will be taking in Billions, plus jobs. Nice!
RT: Cohen claimed his shady father-in-law's " in the clothing business " when in fact he's loan shark in same taxicab medallion …
RT: BREAKING: Democratic Rep. Jerry " Joe McCarthy " Nadler, who just yesterday declared that Trump obstructed justice, just now …
RT: Despite running informants / stings on Trump camp, electronically spying for yr, unmasking NSA intercepts, rummaging thru Tru …
RT: Glenn Simpson & Christopher Steele r 2 of biggest villains in Russia collusion hoax, yet neither has faced serious scrutin …
RT: Now that even some MSM acknowledging there never was a " collusion " scandal, when will MSM start investigating the real sca …
RT: We have reached 6,577, 623 pledged new career opportunities, apprenticeships, continuing education and on-the-job training …
Congratulations to Heather Wilson, who is the sole finalist to become the next President of University of Texas at El Paso effective September 1, 2019. Heather has done an absolutely fantastic job...
... as Secretary of the Air Force, and I know she will be equally great in the very important world of higher education. A strong thank you to Heather for her service.
Bad lawyer and fraudster Michael Cohen said under sworn testimony that he never asked for a Pardon. His lawyers totally contradicted him. He lied! Additionally, he directly asked me for a pardon. I said NO. He lied again! He also badly wanted to work at the White House. He lied!
Heading now to the Great State of Alabama!
On International Women’s Day, we honor women worldwide for their vital role in shaping and strengthening our communities, families, governments, and businesses...
Women’s unemployment rate is down to 3.6 % - was 7.9 % in January, 2011. Things are looking good!
We are apprehending record numbers of illegal immigrants - but we need the Wall to help our great Border Patrol Agents!
“This is as good a time as I can remember to be an American Worker. We have the strongest economy in the world.” Stuart Varney So true!
Both the Judge and the lawyer in the Paul Manafort case stated loudly and for the world to hear that there was NO COLLUSION with Russia. But the Witch Hunt Hoax continues as you now add these statements to House & Senate Intelligence & Senator Burr. So bad for our Country!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
I cannot believe the level of dishonesty in the media. It is totally out of control, but we are winning!
Thank you. Great show!
The Wall is being built and is well under construction. Big impact will be made. Many additional contracts are close to being signed. Far ahead of schedule despite all of the Democrat Obstruction and Fake News!
Breaking News: “Cohen’s lawyer contradicts Cohen’s testimony about never seeking a Presidential Pardon.”
We are on track to APPREHEND more than one million people coming across the Southern Border this year. Great job by Border Patrol ( and others ) who are working in a Broken System. Can be fixed by Congress so easily and quickly if only the Democrats would get on board!
It was not a campaign contribution, and there were no violations of the campaign finance laws by me. Fake News!
Democrats just blocked from holding a debate. Good, then I think I’ll do the same thing with the Fake News Networks and the Radical Left Democrats in the General Election debates!
Wall Street Journal: “More migrant families crossing into the U. S. illegally have been arrested in the first five months of the federal fiscal year than in any prior full year.” We are doing a great job at the border, but this is a National Emergency!
Congressman Chris Stewart: “No one is accusing the President of a crime and yet they ( the Democrats ) are issuing hundreds of subpoenas. This is unprecedented.” They are desperately trying to find anything they can, even a punctuation mistake in a document!
American Workforce Policy Advisory Board Meeting at the!
It is shameful that House Democrats won’t take a stronger stand against Anti-Semitism in their conference. Anti-Semitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and it’s inconceivable they will not act to condemn it!
Senate Republicans are not voting on constitutionality or precedent, they are voting on desperately needed Border Security & the Wall. Our Country is being invaded with Drugs, Human Traffickers, & Criminals of all shapes and sizes. That’s what this vote is all about. STAY UNITED!
RT: Jim Jordan: No evidence of Trump colluding with Russia, but ' all kinds ' showing Clinton campaign did
Weirdo Tom Steyer doesn’t have the “guts” or money to run for President. He’s all talk!
RT: Weird that all of a sudden the Fake Dossier author ( paid for by Hillary and the DNC etc ) no longe wants to show up and …
RT: Tune in tonight for blockbuster analysis of the Dems’ colossally stupid decision to overreach with overbroad subpoenas.. …
Hans Von Spakovsky, “I haven’t seen any evidence of actual violations of the law, which is usually a basis before you start an investigation. Adam Schiff seems to be copying Joseph McCarthy in wanting to open up investigations when they don’t have any evidence of wrongdoing.”
RT:. admits on #CNN they have no proof of Obstruction by it's just his " personal opinion " Meet …
Presidential Harassment!
RT: While was successful in the private sector, career politicians enrich themselves by spending decades in …
RT: Statement on Chairman Nadler’s fishing expedition.
“( Crooked ) Hillary Clinton confirms she will not run in 2020, rules out a third bid for White House.” Aw-shucks, does that mean I won’t get to run against her again? She will be sorely missed!
Scott Gottlieb, who has done an absolutely terrific job as Commissioner of the FDA, plans to leave government service sometime next month...
... Scott has helped us to lower drug prices, get a record number of generic drugs approved and onto the market, and so many other things. He and his talents will be greatly missed!
Just a few moments ago, I signed an EO addressing one of our nation’s most heartbreaking tragedies: VETERANS SUICIDE. To every Veteran — I want you to know that you have an entire nation of more than 300 million people behind you. You will NEVER be forgotten.
Our great First Lady ( ) will be doing a LIVE show TODAY at 1:00 PM PT with the terrific at the Resort. She’s on her #BeBest Tour, helping address the #OpioidCrisis. Free admission for the first 1,500 people!
Republican Approval Rating just hit 93 %. Sorry Haters! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The greatest overreach in the history of our Country. The Dems are obstructing justice and will not get anything done. A big, fat, fishing expedition desperately in search of a crime, when in fact the real crime is what the Dems are doing, and have done!
“HIV Is Cured In 2nd Patient, Doctors Report.” Such great news for so many. Tremendous progress being made!
Now that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton & the Democrats, Nadler, Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY. 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them. They won’t get ANYTHING done for our Country!
is indeed a “Star!” Thank you. Center for Urban Renewal & Ed.
Representative Ilhan Omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning Israel. Jewish groups have just sent a petition to Speaker Pelosi asking her to remove Omar from Foreign Relations Committee. A dark day for Israel!
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCarthyism... which is the widest fishing net expedition... every aspect of the presidents life... all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.”
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCathyism... which is the widest fishing net expedition... every aspect of the presidents life... all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.”
RT: Right now, our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels & violent criminals – each day adding to the millions …
... Amazon, like the Washington Post. It’s hard to remember that not so long ago America had prestige media outlets, but not anymore. ” The Fake News Media is the true Enemy of the People!
“ The American Media has changed forever. News organizations that seemed like a big deal are now extinct. Those that remain have now degraded themselves beyond recognition, like the New Yorker - or they’ve been purchased by Jeff Bezos to conduct unregistered lobbying for...
Presidential Harassment!
RT: President Trump's message to those affected by the tornadoes in the Gulf states: " We grieve by your side and we pledge our …
“There is no Collusion. All of these investigations are in search of a crime. Democrats have no evidence to impeach President Trump. Ridiculous!”
“Now that the Dems are going to try & switch from Collusion to some other reason, it makes them continue to look like sore losers who didn’t accept the WILL OF THE PEOPLE in the last election - they will do anything to get rid of the President.” It will never work!
The military drills, or war games as I call them, were never even discussed in my mtg w / Kim Jong Un of NK — FAKE NEWS! I made that decision long ago because it costs the U. S. far too much money to have those “games”, especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost!
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes., one of the best in our Country, has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA ( and me! ).
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes., one of the best in our Country, has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA ( and me! ).
RT: I completely agree with Kevin McCarthy. …
To the great people of Alabama and surrounding areas: Please be careful and safe. Tornadoes and storms were truly violent and more could be coming. To the families and friends of the victims, and to the injured, God bless you all!
And also illegally leaking to Fake News CNN & others?
Schumer & the Democrats are hurting our Country. Senate Republicans must take BOLD ACTION!
RT: Man, conservatives haven’t been this united on Twitter since the Kavanaugh confirmation!
RT: President Trump made America great again! #MAGA Now it’s up to us to help him keep America great. #KAG # T …
RT: Jon Stewart “Listen up everybody, the Trump Justice Dept is doing an excellent job administrating the 911 compensation act” …
For the Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar & fraudster, at the same time as the very important Nuclear Summit with North Korea, is perhaps a new low in American politics and may have contributed to the “walk.” Never done when a president is overseas. Shame!
... President. We are WINNING big, the envy of the WORLD, but just think what it could be?
Presidential Harassment by “crazed” Democrats at the highest level in the history of our Country. Likewise, the most vicious and corrupt Mainstream Media that any president has ever had to endure - Yet the most successful first two years for any
The reason I do not want military drills with South Korea is to save hundreds of millions of dollars for the U. S. for which we are not reimbursed. That was my position long before I became President. Also, reducing tensions with North Korea at this time is a good thing!
My wonderful daughter, Ivanka, will be interviewed tonight by Steve Hilton on “The Next Revolution.” 9:00 P. M. She works so hard and has achieved so much for the U. S. A. ( and gets so little credit! ). Then watch Mark Levin at 10:00 P. M., a great show!
“Look how they’re acting now and how we act when we’re in the majority. What the Democrats are doing is an abuse of power. They couldn’t find anything... they took a Fake Dossier & couldn’t find any Collusion. Now they have a fake witness in Cohen.” Congressman Mark Green, ( R-TN ).
After more than two years of Presidential Harassment, the only things that have been proven is that Democrats and other broke the law. The hostile Cohen testimony, given by a liar to reduce his prison time, proved no Collusion! His just written book manuscript showed what he...
... said was a total lie, but Fake Media won’t show it. I am an innocent man being persecuted by some very bad, conflicted & corrupt people in a Witch Hunt that is illegal & should never have been allowed to start - And only because I won the Election! Despite this, great success!

We’ve got NASA “rocking” again. Great activity and success. Congrats to SPACEX and all!
The brand new manuscript for a new book by failed lawyer Michael Cohen shows his testimony was a total lie! Pundits should only use it.
Virtually everything failed lawyer Michael Cohen said in his sworn testimony last week is totally contradicted in his just released manuscript for a book about me. It’s a total new love letter to “Trump” and the pols must now use it rather than his lies for sentence reduction!
Thank you!
It was a 3 day train ride to Vietnam, not 3 hours!
RT: 93 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 52 % Approval Rating overall! Not bad considering I get the most unfair ( B …
RT: I hope our great Republican Senators don’t get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security. Without stro …
RT: Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43 % and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50 %. Great news for your 401 ( k ) …
RT: Pence says President Trump has " no higher priority than the safety of the American people. " #CPAC2019
RT: Get your OFFICIAL campaign merchandise @ or, if you’re at, check out our Official booth! ” #Tea …
Will be speaking at CPAC at 11:30 this morning. Record crowd, live broadcast. Enjoy!
Very proud of perhaps the greatest golf course anywhere in the world. Also, furthers U. K. relationship!
I have asked China to immediately remove all Tariffs on our agricultural products ( including beef, pork, etc. ) based on the fact that we are moving along nicely with Trade discussions...
... and I did not increase their second traunch of Tariffs to 25 % on March 1st. This is very important for our great farmers - and me!
... for Otto’s mistreatment and death. Most important, Otto Warmbier will not have died in vain. Otto and his family have become a tremendous symbol of strong passion and strength, which will last for many years into the future. I love Otto and think of him often!
I never like being misinterpreted, but especially when it comes to Otto Warmbier and his great family. Remember, I got Otto out along with three others. The previous Administration did nothing, and he was taken on their watch. Of course I hold North Korea responsible...
Michael Cohen’s book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before. He must have forgotten about his book when he testified. What does Hillary Clinton’s lawyer, Lanny Davis, say about this one. Is he being paid by Crooked Hillary. Using her lawyer?
... and the fraudulent and dishonest statements he made on Wednesday. No way, it’s time to stop this corrupt and illegally brought Witch Hunt. Time to start looking at the other side where real crimes were committed. Republicans have been abused long enough. Must end now!
Oh ’ I see! Now that the 2 year Russian Collusion case has fallen apart, there was no Collusion except bye Crooked Hillary and the Democrats, they say, “ gee, I have an idea, let’s look at Trump’s finances and every deal he has ever done. Let’s follow discredited Michael Cohen...
Congress must demand the transcript of Michael Cohen’s new book, given to publishers a short time ago. Your heads will spin when you see the lies, misrepresentations and contradictions against his Thursday testimony. Like a different person! He is totally discredited!
Wow, just revealed that Michael Cohen wrote a “love letter to Trump” manuscript for a new book that he was pushing. Written and submitted long after Charlottesville and Helsinki, his phony reasons for going rogue. Book is exact opposite of his fake testimony, which now is a lie!
Great to be back from Vietnam, an amazing place. We had very substantive negotiations with Kim Jong Un - we know what they want and they know what we must have. Relationship very good, let’s see what happens!
Today in Alaska, it was my great honor to visit with our brave men and women of the United States Military at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson. We are forever grateful for their service and sacrifice. THANK YOU!


I will be interviewed by at 9:00 P. M. on. Enjoy!
Everyone MUST watch the opening to - A Classic!
THANK YOU to our generous hosts in Hanoi this week: President Trong, Prime Minister Phuc, and the wonderful people of Vietnam!
RT: President and participate in a Press Conference in Hanoi, Vietnam, on February 28, 2019.
RT: Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me ( unfortunately ). He had other clients also. He was just disba …
Great meeting and dinner with Kim Jong Un in Hanoi, Vietnam tonight. Looking forward to continuing our discussions tomorrow! #HanoiSummit
Great meetings and dinner tonight in Vietnam with Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Very good dialogue. Resuming tomorrow!
RT:
RT:
All false reporting ( guessing ) on my intentions with respect to North Korea. Kim Jong Un and I will try very hard to work something out on Denuclearization & then making North Korea an Economic Powerhouse. I believe that China, Russia, Japan & South Korea will be very helpful!
Fiat Chrysler will be adding more than 6,500 JOBS in Michigan ( Detroit area ), doubling its hourly workforce as part of a 4.5 Billion Dollar investment. Thank you Fiat Chrysler. They are all coming back to the USA, it’s where the action is!
Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me ( unfortunately ). He had other clients also. He was just disbarred by the State Supreme Court for lying & fraud. He did bad things unrelated to Trump. He is lying in order to reduce his prison time. Using Crooked’s lawyer!
I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal, the third rate Senator from Connecticut ( how is Connecticut doing? ). His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there. We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders!
RT: No I did not. I support a minimum wage. I do not however believe in a minimum guarantee for people “unwilling to work” whi …
RT: Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat positi …
RT:... This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we sho …
The Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with North Korea and ask themselves instead why they didn’t do “it” during eight years of the Obama Administration?
Vietnam is thriving like few places on earth. North Korea would be the same, and very quickly, if it would denuclearize. The potential is AWESOME, a great opportunity, like almost none other in history, for my friend Kim Jong Un. We will know fairly soon - Very Interesting!
Just arrived in Vietnam. Thank you to all of the people for the great reception in Hanoi. Tremendous crowds, and so much love!
... This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we should all agree on, it’s protecting the lives of innocent babies.
Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat position on abortion is now so extreme that they don’t mind executing babies AFTER birth...
If a deal is made with China, our great American Farmers will be treated better than they have ever been treated before!
Heading over to Vietnam for my meeting with Kim Jong Un. Looking forward to a very productive Summit!
China Trade Deal ( and more ) in advanced stages. Relationship between our two Countries is very strong. I have therefore agreed to delay U. S. tariff hikes. Let’s see what happens?
... our foreign partners. Recovering American hostages is a priority of my Admin, and with Danny’s release, we have now secured freedom for 20 American captives since my election victory. We will not rest as we continue our work to bring the remaining American hostages back home!
... Danny’s recovery reflects the best of what the United States & its partners can accomplish. We work every day to bring Americans home. We maintain constant and intensive diplomatic, intelligence, and law enforcement cooperation within the United States Government and with...
It is my honor today to announce that Danny Burch, a United States citizen who has been held hostage in Yemen for 18 months, has been recovered and reunited with his wife and children. I appreciate the support of the United Arab Emirates in bringing Danny home...
Congratulations to on his 20th PGA Tour WIN. Not only is Dustin a truly great golfer, he is a wonderful guy. Big year ahead for Dustin!
Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43 % and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50 %. Great news for your 401 ( k ) s as they continue to grow. We are bringing back America faster than anyone thought possible!
“Why on earth would any Republican vote not to put up a Wall or against Border Security. Please explain that to me?”
I hope our great Republican Senators don’t get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security. Without strong Borders, we don’t have a Country - and the voters are on board with us. Be strong and smart, don’t fall into the Democrats “trap” of Open Borders and Crime!
Former Senator Harry Reid ( he got thrown out ) is working hard to put a good spin on his failed career. He led through lies and deception, only to be replaced by another beauty, Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer. Some things just never change!
Meeting for breakfast with our Nation’s Governors - then off to Vietnam for a very important Summit with Kim Jong Un. With complete Denuclearization, North Korea will rapidly become an Economic Powerhouse. Without it, just more of the same. Chairman Kim will make a wise decision!
RT: So funny to watch people who have failed for years, they got NOTHING, telling me how to negotiate with North Korea. Bu …
RT: This Admin is committed to ensuring more Americans have the skills needed to secure better jobs in our strong economy. I …
Oil prices getting too high. OPEC, please relax and take it easy. World cannot take a price hike - fragile!
Be nice if Spike Lee could read his notes, or better yet not have to use notes at all, when doing his racist hit on your President, who has done more for African Americans ( Criminal Justice Reform, Lowest Unemployment numbers in History, Tax Cuts, etc. ) than almost any other Pres!
RT: Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, head of Senate Intelligence, said, after interviewing over 200 witnesses and st …
We have a State of Emergency at our Southern Border. Border Patrol, our Military and local Law Enforcement are doing a great job, but without the Wall, which is now under major construction, you cannot have Border Security. Drugs, Gangs and Human Trafficking must be stopped!
... productive talks, I will be delaying the U. S. increase in tariffs now scheduled for March 1. Assuming both sides make additional progress, we will be planning a Summit for President Xi and myself, at Mar-a-Lago, to conclude an agreement. A very good weekend for U. S. & China!
I am pleased to report that the U. S. has made substantial progress in our trade talks with China on important structural issues including intellectual property protection, technology transfer, agriculture, services, currency, and many other issues. As a result of these very...
So funny to watch people who have failed for years, they got NOTHING, telling me how to negotiate with North Korea. But thanks anyway!
The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee... And, where’s the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI? Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover, Peter S? We want them now!
93 % Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 52 % Approval Rating overall! Not bad considering I get the most unfair ( BAD ) press in the history of presidential politics! And don’t forget the Witch Hunt!
Poll: Suburban women are coming back into the Republican Party in droves “because of the Wall and Border Security. 70 % support Border Security and the Wall.” Not believing the Walls are immoral line. Beverly Hallberg, Independent Women’s Forum A great USA issue!
Chairman Kim realizes, perhaps better than anyone else, that without nuclear weapons, his country could fast become one of the great economic powers anywhere in the World. Because of its location and people ( and him ), it has more potential for rapid growth than any other nation!
President Xi of China has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with Kim Jong Un. The last thing China wants are large scale nuclear weapons right next door. Sanctions placed on the border by China and Russia have been very helpful. Great relationship with Chairman Kim!
Very productive talks yesterday with China on Trade. Will continue today! I will be leaving for Hanoi, Vietnam, early tomorrow for a Summit with Kim Jong Un of North Korea, where we both expect a continuation of the progress made at first Summit in Singapore. Denuclearization?
HOLD THE DATE! We will be having one of the biggest gatherings in the history of Washington, D. C., on July 4th. It will be called “A Salute To America” and will be held at the Lincoln Memorial. Major fireworks display, entertainment and an address by your favorite President, me!
RT: * * REPORT: “ China is proposing that it could buy an additional $ 30 billion a year of U. S. agricultural products including s …
RT: Was wonderful to meet so many inspiring young patriots last night when I spoke to the ⁦ ⁩ Latino conference! ⁦ …
RT: MASSIVE Update: Lawsuit to Expose Coup Against, Another FBI Cover-up of potential Clinton e …
RT: President delivers more great news for our farmers.
RT: Drug trafficking at our southern border has exploded. CBP seized nearly 5X as much methamphetamine in 2018 than it did …
RT: #AmericaFirst –: The media doesn’t want to give the credit for once again exerting American do …
So great being with you both in the Oval Office!
RT: Thank you for serving the well and congratulations to my friend and new Laura Cox! I …
“There’s not one shred of evidence that this president’s done anything Constitutionally ( or anything else ) wrong.” Graham Ledger. Thank you Graham, so true!
The people of Venezuela stand at the threshold of history, ready to reclaim their country – and their future...
RT: 74 years ago today, Marines on Iwo Jima raised the flag atop Mount Suribachi. Semper Fidelis.
There is far more ENERGY on the Right than there is on the Left. That’s why we just won the Senate and why we will win big in 2020. The Fake News just doesn’t want to report the facts. Border Security is a big factor. The under construction Wall will stop Gangs, Drugs and Crime!
God Bless the people of Venezuela!
Great new book: “The Case For Trump” by Victor Davis Hanson, Hoover Senior Fellow.
I am pleased to announce that Kelly Knight Craft, our current Ambassador to Canada, is being nominated to be United States Ambassador to the United Nations...
... Kelly has done an outstanding job representing our Nation and I have no doubt that, under her leadership, our Country will be represented at the highest level. Congratulations to Kelly and her entire family!
RT: BREAKING: In Oval Office meeting today, the Chinese committed to buy an additional 10 million metric tons of U. S. soybe …
A must read by!
Fake News is so bad for our Country!
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, head of Senate Intelligence, said, after interviewing over 200 witnesses and studying over 2 million pages of documents, “WE HAVE FOUND NO COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA.” The Witch Hunt, so bad for our Country, must end!
RT: Wonderful evening at celebrating #AfricanAmericanHistoryMonth!
We are here to honor the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to every aspect of American Life, History and Culture. From the earliest days of this Nation, African-American Leaders, Pioneers, & Visionaries have uplifted & inspired our Country...
Senator John Cornyn has done an outstanding job for the people of Texas. He is strong on Crime, the Border, the Second Amendment and loves our Military and Vets. John has my complete and total endorsement. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
. - what about MAGA and the tens of millions of people you insulted with your racist and dangerous comments!? #MAGA
THE WALL IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION RIGHT NOW!
... something that is so obviously the future. I want the United States to win through competition, not by blocking out currently more advanced technologies. We must always be the leader in everything we do, especially when it comes to the very exciting world of technology!
I want 5G, and even 6G, technology in the United States as soon as possible. It is far more powerful, faster, and smarter than the current standard. American companies must step up their efforts, or get left behind. There is no reason that we should be lagging behind on...
I have instructed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and he fully agrees, not to allow Hoda Muthana back into the Country!
We have just built this powerful Wall in New Mexico. Completed on January 30, 2019 – 47 days ahead of schedule! Many miles more now under construction! #FinishTheWall
California now wants to scale back their already failed “fast train” project by substantially shortening the distance so that it no longer goes from L. A. to San Francisco. A different deal and record cost overruns. Send the Federal Government back the Billions of Dollars WASTED!
The New York Times reporting is false. They are a true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
“If thinking that James Comey is not a good FBI Director is tantamount to being an agent of Russia, than just list all the people that are agents of Russia - Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Rod Rosenstein who wrote the memo to get rid of Comey, the Inspector General...” Trey Gowdy
“The Washington Post ignored basic journalistic standards because it wanted to advance its well-known and easily documented biased agenda against President Donald J. Trump.” Covington student suing WAPO. Go get them Nick. Fake News!
The Press has never been more dishonest than it is today. Stories are written that have absolutely no basis in fact. The writers don’t even call asking for verification. They are totally out of control. Sadly, I kept many of them in business. In six years, they all go BUST!
Crazy Bernie has just entered the race. I wish him well!
“Andrew McCabe gave absolutely no evidence of any threat to substantiate his ABSURD claim.”
RT: This is crazy scary. A cabal of unelected bureaucrats-angered & upset that fired their boss-whispered a …

I never said anything bad about Andrew McCabe’s wife other than she ( they ) should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a Crooked Hillary source when Clinton was under investigation by the FBI. I never called his wife a loser to him ( another McCabe made up lie )!
The Washington Post is a Fact Checker only for the Democrats. For the Republicans, and for your all time favorite President, it is a Fake Fact Checker!
The failed Fast Train project in California, where the cost overruns are becoming world record setting, is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
As I predicted, 16 states, led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left, have filed a lawsuit in, of course, the 9th Circuit! California, the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train, with no hope of completion, seems in charge!
The failed Fast Train project in California, were the cost overruns are becoming world record setting, is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
As I predicted, 16 cities, led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left, have filed a lawsuit in, of course, the 9th Circuit! California, the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train, with no hope of completion, seems in charge!
Had the opposition party ( no, not the Media ) won the election, the Stock Market would be down at least 10,000 points by now. We are heading up, up, up!
“... ( The Witch Hunt ) in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in American political history, marking the first occasion in which the U. S. government bureaucrats sought to overturn an election ( presidential )! ” Victor Davis Hanson And got caught!
Remember this, Andrew McCabe didn’t go to the bathroom without the approval of Leakin ’ James Comey!
RT: Our country is making unprecedented progress thanks to the fact that we finally have a president who is …
Thank you Andrew - We all miss beautiful Meadow!
Thank you JT!
Amazing!
“The biggest abuse of power and corruption scandal in our history, and it’s much worse than we thought. Andrew McCabe ( FBI ) admitted to plotting a coup ( government overthrow ) when he was serving in the FBI, before he was fired for lying & leaking.” Treason!
Today more than 50 countries around the world now recognize the rightful government of Venezuela. The Venezuelan people have spoken and the world has heard their voice. They are turning the page on Socialism and Dictatorship; and there will be NO GOING BACK!
I ask every member of the Maduro regime: End this nightmare of poverty, hunger and death. LET YOUR PEOPLE GO. Set your country free! Now is the time for all Venezuelan Patriots to act together, as one united people. Nothing could be better for the future of Venezuela!
The people of Venezuela are standing for FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY – and the United States of America is standing right by their side!
We are here to proclaim that a new day is coming in Latin America. In Venezuela and across the Western Hemisphere, Socialism is DYING - and liberty, prosperity, and democracy are being REBORN...
RT: A beautiful ceremony at hospital today to celebrate their new changes! I hope the garden nurtures & heals all th …
Hope you are enjoying your President’s Day, our Country is making unprecedented progress!
“This was an illegal coup attempt on the President of the United States.” Dan Bongino on True!
Great analysis by!
... There is a lot of explaining to do to the millions of people who had just elected a president who they really like and who has done a great job for them with the Military, Vets, Economy and so much more. This was the illegal and treasonous “insurance policy” in full action!
Wow, so many lies by now disgraced acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe. He was fired for lying, and now his story gets even more deranged. He and Rod Rosenstein, who was hired by Jeff Sessions ( another beauty ), look like they were planning a very illegal act, and got caught...
“After two years and interviewing more than two hundred witnesses, the Senate Intelligence Committee has NOT discovered any direct evidence of a conspiracy between the Trump Campaign and Russia.” Ken Dilanian
RT: Death of a California Dream via
William Barr is arriving at a Justice Department that desperately needs an infusion of credibility, writes via
RT:... Many of the top FBI brass were fired, forced to leave, or left. McCabe’s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton pe …
RT: Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a “poor little Angel” when in fact he was a big part of the …
The Mueller investigation is totally conflicted, illegal and rigged! Should never have been allowed to begin, except for the Collusion and many crimes committed by the Democrats. Witch Hunt!
“These guys, the investigators, ought to be in jail. What they have done, working with the Obama intelligence agencies, is simply unprecedented. This is one of the greatest political hoaxes ever perpetrated on the people of this Country, and Mueller is a coverup.” Rush Limbaugh


THE RIGGED AND CORRUPT MEDIA IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Nothing funny about tired Saturday Night Live on Fake News NBC! Question is, how do the Networks get away with these total Republican hit jobs without retribution? Likewise for many other shows? Very unfair and should be looked into. This is the real Collusion!
52 % Approval Rating, 93 % in Republican Party ( a record )! Pretty amazing considering that 93 % ( also ) of my press is REALLY BAD. The “people” are SMART!
Democrats in the Senate are still slow walking hundreds of highly qualified people wanting to come into government. Never been such an abuse in our country’s history. Mitch should not let Senate go home until all are approved. We need our Ambassadors and all others NOW!
Important meetings and calls on China Trade Deal, and more, today with my staff. Big progress being made on sooo many different fronts! Our Country has such fantastic potential for future growth and greatness on an even higher level!
RT:. complains crackdown on asylum scamming is working.
RT: Mueller Will Harass for Entire Term via
RT: BIG: Strzok / Page Docs Show More Collusion to Protect Hillary Clinton; Voter Fraud Crisis--Thousands of Aliens Illegally Voti …
RT: Protecting America and putting Americans first. Thank you Mr. President!
... The U. S. does not want to watch as these ISIS fighters permeate Europe, which is where they are expected to go. We do so much, and spend so much - Time for others to step up and do the job that they are so capable of doing. We are pulling back after 100 % Caliphate victory!
The United States is asking Britain, France, Germany and other European allies to take back over 800 ISIS fighters that we captured in Syria and put them on trial. The Caliphate is ready to fall. The alternative is not a good one in that we will be forced to release them...
RT:
Trade negotiators have just returned from China where the meetings on Trade were very productive. Now at meetings with me at Mar-a-Lago giving the details. In the meantime, Billions of Dollars are being paid to the United States by China in the form of Trade Tariffs!
BUILDING THE WALL!


Great job by law enforcement in Aurora, Illinois. Heartfelt condolences to all of the victims and their families. America is with you!
RT: President Trump Speaks on the National Security & Humanitarian Crisis on Our Southern Border
“Trying to use the 25th Amendment to try and circumvent the Election is a despicable act of unconstitutional power grabbing... which happens in third world countries. You have to obey the law. This is an attack on our system & Constitution.” Alan Dershowitz.
RT:.: President Trump will sign the government funding bill, and as he has stated before, he will also take other exe …
“After The Flight 93 Election, The Vote That Saved America - And What We Still Have To Lose,” by very talented Michael Anton, is a terrific read. Check it out!
One year ago today, a horrific act of violence took the lives of 14 students and 3 educators in Parkland, Florida. On this somber anniversary, we honor their memory and recommit to ensuring the safety of all Americans, especially our Nation’s children...
Reviewing the funding bill with my team at the!
... Many of the top FBI brass were fired, forced to leave, or left. McCabe’s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton people for her campaign - he gave Hillary a pass. McCabe is a disgrace to the FBI and a disgrace to our Country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a “poor little Angel ” when in fact he was a big part of the Crooked Hillary Scandal & the Russia Hoax - a puppet for Leakin ’ James Comey. I. G. report on McCabe was devastating. Part of “ insurance policy” in case I won...
California has been forced to cancel the massive bullet train project after having spent and wasted many billions of dollars. They owe the Federal Government three and a half billion dollars. We want that money back now. Whole project is a “green” disaster!
RT: Report: Texas crude oil production breaks 1970s record via


RT: " Every American in every community and from every walk of life has a right to live in security and to live in peace. That i …
Today, it was my great honor to address the Association and Conference in Washington, D. C. We will never forget your service, and we will never, ever let you down! We love you, and we thank God for you each and every day.
The Gallup Poll just announced that 69 % of our great citizens expect their finances to improve next year, a 16 year high. Nice!
The Senate Intelligence Committee: THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA!
RT: I don’t feel an ounce of empathy for all of the imbeciles who bought into the Russian collusion hoax now that it’s been entir …
I want to thank all Republicans for the work you have done in dealing with the Radical Left on Border Security. Not an easy task, but the Wall is being built and will be a great achievement and contributor toward life and safety within our Country!
RT: President Trump's commitment to improving the quality of life for all Americans has led to the largest single decline in dr …
RT: Americans pay 180 percent of what Europeans, Canadians, and Japanese pay for the exact same drugs! Our seniors aren't goin …
RT: They are sooo beautiful and magnificent! ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️
Thank you to!
... Will be getting almost $ 23 BILLION for Border Security. Regardless of Wall money, it is being built as we speak!
Was just presented the concept and parameters of the Border Security Deal by hard working Senator Richard Shelby. Looking over all aspects knowing that this will be hooked up with lots of money from other sources...
Beautiful evening in El Paso, Texas last night. God Bless the USA!
RT: It was 45 degrees outside and this was the overflow crowd. #ElPaso
RT: 🚨 Happening Now: overflow crowd in El Paso, Texas...
We are fighting for all Americans, from all backgrounds, of every age, race, religion, birthplace, color & creed. Our agenda is NOT a partisan agenda – it is the mainstream, common sense agenda of the American People. Thank you El Paso, Texas - I love you!
RT: Beto trying to counter-program in his hometown and only drawing a few hundred people to Trump’s 35,000 …
Coal is an important part of our electricity generation mix and should give serious consideration to all factors before voting to close viable power plants, like Paradise # 3 in Kentucky!
۴۰ سال فساد. ۴۰ سال سرکوب. ۴۰ سال ترور. رژیم ایران فقط موجب #چهل_سال_شکست شده است. مردم ایران که مدتهاست در رنجند شایسته آینده روشن تری هستند
40 years of corruption. 40 years of repression. 40 years of terror. The regime in Iran has produced only #40YearsofFailure. The long-suffering Iranian people deserve a much brighter future.

Will be heading to El Paso very soon. Big speech on Border Security and much else tonight. Tremendous crowd! See you later!
The Democrats are so self righteous and ANGRY! Loosen up and have some fun. The Country is doing well!
The Democrats do not want us to detain, or send back, criminal aliens! This is a brand new demand. Crazy!
No president ever worked harder than me ( cleaning up the mess I inherited )!
“Fact checkers have become Fake News.” So True!
RT: Working hard, thank you!
The U. S. will soon control 100 % of ISIS territory in Syria. ( do you believe this? ).
RT: WE AGREE! The time is now! 👉 " The time has come to pass school choice for America's children. " - #SOTU
RT: Agreed! Senate needs to confirm Admin appointees. #SOTU
Well, it happened again. Amy Klobuchar announced that she is running for President, talking proudly of fighting global warming while standing in a virtual blizzard of snow, ice and freezing temperatures. Bad timing. By the end of her speech she looked like a Snowman ( woman )!
The Border Committee Democrats are behaving, all of a sudden, irrationally. Not only are they unwilling to give dollars for the obviously needed Wall ( they overrode recommendations of Border Patrol experts ), but they don’t even want to take muderers into custody! What’s going on?
“President is on sound legal ground to declare a National Emergency. There have been 58 National Emergencies declared since the law was enacted in 1976, and 31 right now that are currently active, so this is hardly unprecedented.” Congressman
... The fact is, when I took over as President, our Country was a mess. Depleted Military, Endless Wars, a potential War with North Korea, V. A., High Taxes & too many Regulations, Border, Immigration & HealthCare problems, & much more. I had no choice but to work very long hours!
The media was able to get my work schedule, something very easy to do, but it should have been reported as a positive, not negative. When the term Executive Time is used, I am generally working, not relaxing. In fact, I probably work more hours than almost any past President...
It was a very bad week for the Democrats, with the GREAT economic numbers, The Virginia disaster and the State of the Union address. Now, with the terrible offers being made by them to the Border Committee, I actually believe they want a Shutdown. They want a new subject!
I don’t think the Dems on the Border Committee are being allowed by their leaders to make a deal. They are offering very little money for the desperately needed Border Wall & now, out of the blue, want a cap on convicted violent felons to be held in detention!
Gallup Poll: “Open Borders will potentially attract 42 million Latin Americans.” This would be a disaster for the U. S. We need the Wall now!
African Americans are very angry at the double standard on full display in Virginia!
Senator Richard Burr, The Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, just announced that after almost two years, more than two hundred interviews, and thousands of documents, they have found NO COLLUSION BETWEEN TRUMP AND RUSSIA! Is anybody really surprised by this?
I think it is very important for the Democrats to press forward with their Green New Deal. It would be great for the so-called “Carbon Footprint” to permanently eliminate all Planes, Cars, Cows, Oil, Gas & the Military - even if no other country would do the same. Brilliant!
Today Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to by me as Pocahontas, joined the race for President. Will she run as our first Native American presidential candidate, or has she decided that after 32 years, this is not playing so well anymore? See you on the campaign TRAIL, Liz!
The Democrats just don’t seem to want Border Security. They are fighting Border Agents recommendations. If you believe news reports, they are not offering much for the Wall. They look to be making this a campaign issue. The Wall will get built one way or the other!
RT: The #IngrahamAngle goes to El Paso Monday, where I’ll be interviewing. Tune in! 10p ET
RT: The corrupt spying operation against Donald Trump’s team is the biggest scandal in political history. Read my new book for th …
RT: JW released State Dept docs showing the Clinton-linked Podesta Group run by Tony Podesta ( the brother of John Podesta wh …
RT: Inside: is first president in a generation to talk honestly about the border crisis.
RT:.: - Meets with Glenn Simpson, who hired Nellie Ohr and Chris Steele and paid for the Dossier - Doesn’t disclose …
RT: Adam Schiff, Glenn Simpson and their Forrest Gump-like encounter in Aspen
RT:
RT: TRUMP: “ Not only did Senator Burr’s Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia, it’s important because t …
We have a great economy DESPITE the Obama Administration and all of its job killing Regulations and Roadblocks. If that thinking prevailed in the 2016 Election, the U. S. would be in a Depression right now! We were heading down, and don’t let the Democrats sound bites fool you!
The Democrats in Congress yesterday were vicious and totally showed their cards for everyone to see. When the Republicans had the Majority they never acted with such hatred and scorn! The Dems are trying to win an election in 2020 that they know they cannot legitimately win!
It was great meeting some of our outstanding young military personnel who were wounded in both Syria and Afghanistan. Their wounds are deep but their spirit is sooo high. They will recoverer & be back very soon. America loves them. Walter Reed Hospital is AMAZING - Thank you all!
North Korea, under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, will become a great Economic Powerhouse. He may surprise some but he won’t surprise me, because I have gotten to know him & fully understand how capable he is. North Korea will become a different kind of Rocket - an Economic one!
My representatives have just left North Korea after a very productive meeting and an agreed upon time and date for the second Summit with Kim Jong Un. It will take place in Hanoi, Vietnam, on February 27 & 28. I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim & advancing the cause of peace!
I was a big fan of Frank Robinson, both as a great player and man. He was the first African American manager in baseball and was highly respected at everything he did. He will he missed!
Deepest sympathies to Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and the entire family of John Dingell. Longest serving Congressman in Country’s history which, if people understand politics, means he was very smart. A great reputation and highly respected man.
Working hard, thank you!
... It is all a GIANT AND ILLEGAL HOAX, developed long before the election itself, but used as an excuse by the Democrats as to why Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the Election! Someday the Fake News Media will turn honest & report that Donald J. Trump was actually a GREAT Candidate!
The mainstream media has refused to cover the fact that the head of the VERY important Senate Intelligence Committee, after two years of intensive study and access to Intelligence that only they could get, just stated that they have found NO COLLUSION between “Trump” & Russia...
Now we find out that Adam Schiff was spending time together in Aspen with Glenn Simpson of GPS Fusion, who wrote the fake and discredited Dossier, even though Simpson was testifying before Schiff. John Solomon of
Not only did Senator Burr’s Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia, it’s important because they interviewed 200 witnesses and 300,000 pages of documents, & the Committee has direct access to intelligence information that’s Classified.
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, Chairman of Senate Intelligence, said today that, after an almost two year investigation, he saw no evidence of Russia collusion. “We don’t have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the Trump campaign and Russia.” Thank you!
So nice how well my State of the Union speech was received. Thank you to all!
Each year, America pauses to remember its fallen astronaut heroes and the great accomplishments for which they strived. Melania and I mourn their passing and take to heart the lessons of their lives and the greater human potential to which they continue to inspire.
Today, it was my great honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum launching the Women’s Global Development and Prosperity Initiative. #WGDP Read more:
2019 National Prayer Breakfast
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! It should never be allowed to happen again!
Democrats at the top are killing the Great State of Virginia. If the three failing pols were Republicans, far stronger action would be taken. Virginia will come back HOME Republican ) in 2020!
... The Dems and their committees are going “nuts.” The Republicans never did this to President Obama, there would be no time left to run government. I hear other committee heads will do the same thing. Even stealing people who work at White House! A continuation of Witch Hunt!
So now Congressman Adam Schiff announces, after having found zero Russian Collusion, that he is going to be looking at every aspect of my life, both financial and personal, even though there is no reason to be doing so. Never happened before! Unlimited Presidential Harassment...

RT: #SOTU
RT: #SOTU
#SOTU
Looking forward to tonight! #SOTU
Melania and I send our greetings to those celebrating the Lunar New Year. Today, people across the United States and around the world mark the beginning of the Lunar New Year with spectacular fireworks displays, joyful festivals, and family gatherings...
I see Schumer is already criticizing my State of the Union speech, even though he hasn’t seen it yet. He’s just upset that he didn’t win the Senate, after spending a fortune, like he thought he would. Too bad we weren’t given more credit for the Senate win by the media!
Tremendous numbers of people are coming up through Mexico in the hopes of flooding our Southern Border. We have sent additional military. We will build a Human Wall if necessary. If we had a real Wall, this would be a non-event!
I am pleased to announce that David Bernhardt, Acting Secretary of the Interior, will be nominated as Secretary of the Interior. David has done a fantastic job from the day he arrived, and we look forward to having his nomination officially confirmed!
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country, Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall, there is no Security. Human Trafficking, Drugs and Criminals of all dimensions - KEEP OUT!
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country, Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall, there is no Security. Human Trafficking, Drugs and Criminals of all dimensionns - KEEP OUT!
Everyone is asking how Tiger played yesterday. The answer is Great! He was long, straight & putted fantastically well. He shot a 64. Tiger is back & will be winning Majors again! Not surprisingly, Jack also played really well. His putting is amazing! Jack & Tiger like each other.
I will be interviewed Sunday morning on and prior to the Super Bowl on at 3:30 P. M. Enjoy!
Ed Gillespie, who ran for Governor of the Great State of Virginia against Ralph Northam, must now be thinking Malpractice and Dereliction of Duty with regard to his Opposition Research Staff. If they find that terrible picture before the election, he wins by 20 points!
Democrat Governor Ralph Northam of Virginia just stated, “I believe that I am not either of the people in that photo. ” This was 24 hours after apologizing for appearing in the picture and after making the most horrible statement on “ super” late term abortion. Unforgivable!
Great morning at Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter, Florida with and!
National African American History Month is an occasion to rediscover the enduring stories of African Americans and the gifts of freedom, purpose, and opportunity they have bestowed on future generations...
Thank you to Senator Rob Portman and Senator Cory Gardner for the early and warm endorsement. We will ALL WIN in 2020 together!
RT: " We added 304,000 jobs, which was a shocker to a lot of people. It wasn't a shocker to me. "
Great news on Foxconn in Wisconsin after my conversation with Terry Gou!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Best January for the DOW in over 30 years. We have, by far, the strongest economy in the world!
... after 18 long years. Syria was loaded with ISIS until I came along. We will soon have destroyed 100 % of the Caliphate, but will be watching them closely. It is now time to start coming home and, after many years, spending our money wisely. Certain people must get smart!
I inherited a total mess in Syria and Afghanistan, the “Endless Wars” of unlimited spending and death. During my campaign I said, very strongly, that these wars must finally end. We spend $ 50 Billion a year in Afghanistan and have hit them so hard that we are now talking peace...
This Witch Hunt must end!
Nellie Ohr, the wife of DOJ official Bruce Ohr, was long ago investigating for pay ( GPS Fusion ) members of my family, feeding it to her husband who was then giving it to the FBI, even though it was created by ousted & discredited Christopher Steele. Illegal! WITCH HUNT
Just out: The big deal, very mysterious Don jr telephone calls, after the innocent Trump Tower meeting, that the media & Dems said were made to his father ( me ), were just conclusively found NOT to be made to me. They were made to friends & business associates of Don. Really sad!
Our great U. S. Border Patrol Agents made the biggest Fentanyl bust in our Country’s history. Thanks, as always, for a job well done!
... I would suggest you read the COMPLETE testimony from Tuesday. A false narrative is so bad for our Country. I value our intelligence community. Happily, we had a very good meeting, and we are all on the same page!
Just concluded a great meeting with my Intel team in the Oval Office who told me that what they said on Tuesday at the Senate Hearing was mischaracterized by the media - and we are very much in agreement on Iran, ISIS, North Korea, etc. Their testimony was distorted press...

Very sadly, Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33 % from 2017, to 33,341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crisis taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
Schumer and the Democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with Iran. They have no clue as to the danger they would be inflicting on our Country. Iran is in financial chaos now because of the sanctions and Iran Deal termination. Dems put us in a bad place - but now good!
Looking for China to open their Markets not only to Financial Services, which they are now doing, but also to our Manufacturing, Farmers and other U. S. businesses and industries. Without this a deal would be unacceptable!
More troops being sent to the Southern Border to stop the attempted Invasion of Illegals, through large Caravans, into our Country. We have stopped the previous Caravans, and we will stop these also. With a Wall it would be sooo much easier and less expensive. Being Built!
Democrats are becoming the Party of late term abortion, high taxes, Open Borders and Crime!
Republicans on the Homeland Security Committee are wasting their time. Democrats, despite all of the evidence, proof and Caravans coming, are not going to give money to build the DESPERATELY needed WALL. I’ve got you covered. Wall is already being built, I don’t expect much help!
... China’s representatives and I are trying to do a complete deal, leaving NOTHING unresolved on the table. All of the many problems are being discussed and will be hopefully resolved. Tariffs on China increase to 25 % on March 1st, so all working hard to complete by that date!
... meeting with their top leaders and representatives today in the Oval Office. No final deal will be made until my friend President Xi, and I, meet in the near future to discuss and agree on some of the long standing and more difficult points. Very comprehensive transaction...
China’s top trade negotiators are in the U. S. meeting with our representatives. Meetings are going well with good intent and spirit on both sides. China does not want an increase in Tariffs and feels they will do much better if they make a deal. They are correct. I will be...
With Murders up 33 % in Mexico, a record, why wouldn’t any sane person want to build a Wall! Construction has started and will not stop until it is finished.
Very sadly, Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33 % from 2017, to 33,341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crises taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
Lets just call them WALLS from now on and stop playing political games! A WALL is a WALL!
Large sections of WALL have already been built with much more either under construction or ready to go. Renovation of existing WALLS is also a very big part of the plan to finally, after many decades, properly Secure Our Border. The Wall is getting done one way or the other!
So great to watch & listen to all these people who write books & talk about my presidential campaign and so many others things related to winning, and how I should be doing “IT. ” As I take it all in, I then sit back, look around, & say “ gee, I’ m in the White House, & they’re not!
Spoke today with Venezuelan Interim President Juan Guaido to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and reinforced strong United States support for Venezuela’s fight to regain its democracy...
... Large protests all across Venezuela today against Maduro. The fight for freedom has begun!
Dow just broke 25,000. Tremendous news!
... a source of potential danger and conflict. They are testing Rockets ( last week ) and more, and are coming very close to the edge. There economy is now crashing, which is the only thing holding them back. Be careful of Iran. Perhaps Intelligence should go back to school!
The Intelligence people seem to be extremely passive and naive when it comes to the dangers of Iran. They are wrong! When I became President Iran was making trouble all over the Middle East, and beyond. Since ending the terrible Iran Nuclear Deal, they are MUCH different, but...
“Three separate caravans marching to our Border. The numbers are tremendous.”
If the committee of Republicans and Democrats now meeting on Border Security is not discussing or contemplating a Wall or Physical Barrier, they are Wasting their time!
... Time will tell what will happen with North Korea, but at the end of the previous administration, relationship was horrendous and very bad things were about to happen. Now a whole different story. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un shortly. Progress being made-big difference!
... Fighting continues but the people of Afghanistan want peace in this never ending war. We will soon see if talks will be successful? North Korea relationship is best it has ever been with U. S. No testing, getting remains, hostages returned. Decent chance of Denuclearization...
When I became President, ISIS was out of control in Syria & running rampant. Since then tremendous progress made, especially over last 5 weeks. Caliphate will soon be destroyed, unthinkable two years ago. Negotiating are proceeding well in Afghanistan after 18 years of fighting..
Maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in Venezuela following U. S. sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues. Guaido is being targeted by Venezuelan Supreme Court. Massive protest expected today. Americans should not travel to Venezuela until further notice.
“Our economy, right now, is the Gold Standard throughout the World.” So true, and not even close!
A low level staffer that I hardly knew named Cliff Sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and fiction. He pretended to be an insider when in fact he was nothing more than a gofer. He signed a non-disclosure agreement. He is a mess!
How does Da Nang Dick ( Blumenthal ) serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee when he defrauded the American people about his so called War Hero status in Vietnam, only to later admit, with tears pouring down his face, that he was never in Vietnam. An embarrassment to our Country!
In the beautiful Midwest, windchill temperatures are reaching minus 60 degrees, the coldest ever recorded. In coming days, expected to get even colder. People can’t last outside even for minutes. What the hell is going on with Global Waming? Please come back fast, we need you!
“In the Media’s effort to destroy the President, they are actually destroying themselves. Given all of the tremendous headwinds this President has faced, it’s amazing he has accomplished so much.” DEROY MURDOCK I agree!
Howard Schultz doesn’t have the “guts ” to run for President! Watched him on last night and I agree with him that he is not the “ smartest person.” Besides, America already has that! I only hope that Starbucks is still paying me their rent in Trump Tower!
Numerous states introducing Bible Literacy classes, giving students the option of studying the Bible. Starting to make a turn back? Great!
Tariffs on the “dumping” of Steel in the United States have totally revived our Steel Industry. New and expanded plants are happening all over the U. S. We have not only saved this important industry, but created many jobs. Also, billions paid to our treasury. A BIG WIN FOR U. S.
After all that I have done for the Military, our great Veterans, Judges ( 99 ), Justices ( 2 ), Tax & Regulation Cuts, the Economy, Energy, Trade & MUCH MORE, does anybody really think I won’t build the WALL? Done more in first two years than any President! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Never thought I ’ d say this but I think and have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN & NBC! Look to final results! Don’t know how my poll numbers are so good, especially up 19 % with Hispanics?
Never thought I ’ d say this but I think and have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN & NBC! Look to final results! Don’t know how my poll numbers are so good, especially up 19 % with Hispanics?
BUILD A WALL & CRIME WILL FALL!
#HolocaustMemorialDay
RT: “ 300 people are dying from heroin overdoses a week in this country, 90 % of it is coming over the southern border … We’ve got to sto …
RT: VOTER FRAUD ALERT: The discovered approx 95,000 individuals identified by DPS as non-U. S. citizens have a ma …
Thank you to Brit. This is a very big deal in Europe. Fake News is the Enemy of the People!
RT: Strong people stand up for themselves — but stronger people stand up for others. Thank you President for stan …
Jens Stoltenberg, NATO Secretary General, just stated that because of me NATO has been able to raise far more money than ever before from its members after many years of decline. It’s called burden sharing. Also, more united. Dems & Fake News like to portray the opposite!
We are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $ 18,959, 495,168. Cost Friday was $ 603,331, 392. There are at least 25,772, 342 illegal aliens, not the 11,000, 000 that have been reported for years, in our Country. So ridiculous! DHS
58,000 non-citizens voted in Texas, with 95,000 non-citizens registered to vote. These numbers are just the tip of the iceberg. All over the country, especially in California, voter fraud is rampant. Must be stopped. Strong voter ID!
WITCH HUNT!
... about all of the one sided Fake Media coverage ( collusion with Crooked H? ) that I had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign. What about the now revealed bias by Facebook and many others. Roger Stone didn’t even work for me anywhere near the Election!
CBS reports that in the Roger Stone indictment, data was “released during the 2016 Election to damage Hillary Clinton. ” Oh really! What about the Fake and Unverified “ Dossier,” a total phony conjob, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary to damage me and the Trump Campaign? What...
“Ax falls quickly at BuzzFeed and Huffpost!” Headline, New York Post. Fake News and bad journalism have caused a big downturn. Sadly, many others will follow. The people want the Truth!
Only fools, or people with a political agenda, don’t want a Wall or Steel Barrier to protect our Country from Crime, Drugs and Human Trafficking. It will happen - it always does!
BUILD A WALL & CRIME WILL FALL!
“We absolutely need a physical barrier or Wall, whatever you want to call it. The President yesterday laid all that out. We need to do it all, including the Wall. I provided the same information to the previous administration, & it was ignored. ” Mark Morgan, Border Chief for “ O”!
Thank you to the Republican National Committee, ( the RNC ), who voted UNANIMOUSLY yesterday to support me in the upcoming 2020 Election. Considering that we have done more than any Administration in the first two years, this should be easy. More great things now in the works!
We have turned away, at great expense, two major Caravans, but a big one has now formed and is coming. At least 8000 people! If we had a powerful Wall, they wouldn’t even try to make the long and dangerous journey. Build the Wall and Crime will Fall!
21 days goes very quickly. Negotiations with Democrats will start immediately. Will not be easy to make a deal, both parties very dug in. The case for National Security has been greatly enhanced by what has been happening at the Border & through dialogue. We will build the Wall!
“I like the fact that the President is making the case ( Border Security & Crime ) to the American people. Now we know where Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer & the Democrats stand, which is no Border Security. Will be big 2020 issue.” Matt Schlapp, Chair, ACU. Bigger than anyone knows!
If Roger Stone was indicted for lying to Congress, what about the lying done by Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Lisa Page & lover, Baker and sooo many others? What about Hillary to FBI and her 33,000 deleted Emails? What about Lisa & Peter’s deleted texts & Wiener’s laptop? Much more!
I wish people would read or listen to my words on the Border Wall. This was in no way a concession. It was taking care of millions of people who were getting badly hurt by the Shutdown with the understanding that in 21 days, if no deal is done, it’s off to the races!

Greatest Witch Hunt in the History of our Country! NO COLLUSION! Border Coyotes, Drug Dealers and Human Traffickers are treated better. Who alerted CNN to be there?
A third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a short period of time has been playing his biggest con of all on Fake News CNN. Michael D’ Antonio, a broken down hack who knows nothing about me, goes on night after night telling made up Trump stories. Disgraceful!
Great earnings coming out of Stock Market. Too bad Media doesn’t devote much time to this!
Nancy just said she “just doesn’t understand why?” Very simply, without a Wall it all doesn’t work. Our Country has a chance to greatly reduce Crime, Human Trafficking, Gangs and Drugs. Should have been done for decades. We will not Cave!
Without a Wall there cannot be safety and security at the Border or for the U. S. A. BUILD THE WALL AND CRIME WILL FALL!
... back home where they belong, no more Rockets or M’s being fired over Japan or anywhere else and, most importantly, no Nuclear Testing. This is more than has ever been accomplished with North Korea, and the Fake News knows it. I expect another good meeting soon, much potential!
The Fake News Media loves saying “so little happened at my first summit with Kim Jong Un.” Wrong! After 40 years of doing nothing with North Korea but being taken to the cleaners, & with a major war ready to start, in a short 15 months, relationships built, hostages & remains...
So interesting that bad lawyer Michael Cohen, who sadly will not be testifying before Congress, is using the lawyer of Crooked Hillary Clinton to represent him - Gee, how did that happen? Remember July 4th weekend when Crooked went before FBI & wasn’t sworn in, no tape, nothing?
The economy is doing great. More people working in U. S. A. today than at any time in our HISTORY. Media barely covers!
“This is everything FDR dreamed about, the New Deal to put America back to work. Think of LBJ, he gave people food stamps & welfare. Donald Trump’s giving them a job. He’s got a lot of good things to talk about. News stories do not accurately cover him, should correct.”
A great new book just out, “Game of Thorns,” by Doug Wead, Presidential Historian and best selling author. The book covers the campaign of 2016, and what could be more exciting than that?
... alternative venue for the SOTU Address because there is no venue that can compete with the history, tradition and importance of the House Chamber. I look forward to giving a “great” State of the Union Address in the near future!
As the Shutdown was going on, Nancy Pelosi asked me to give the State of the Union Address. I agreed. She then changed her mind because of the Shutdown, suggesting a later date. This is her prerogative - I will do the Address when the Shutdown is over. I am not looking for an...
“The Historic Results of President Donald J. Trump’s First Two Years in Office”
Even Trump Haters like ( MS ) NBC acknowledge you “BUILD A WALL & CRIME WILL FALL!”
The citizens of Venezuela have suffered for too long at the hands of the illegitimate Maduro regime. Today, I have officially recognized the President of the Venezuelan National Assembly, Juan Guaido, as the Interim President of Venezuela.
BUILD A WALL & CRIME WILL FALL!
BUILD A WALL & CRIME WILL FALL! This is the new theme, for two years until the Wall is finished ( under construction now ), of the Republican Party. Use it and pray!
Great unity in the Republican Party. Want to, once and for all, put an end to stoppable crime and drugs! Border Security and Wall. No doubt!
Deroy Murdock, National Review: “We are now exporting oil, which is the first time in my lifetime - we are right now the largest producer of oil and gas. This is not good if you’re Vladimir Putin where your chief export is oil. W. H. Agent - Not good for Kremlin.”
Congratulations to Mariano Rivera on unanimously being elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame! Not only a great player but a great person. I am thankful for Mariano’s support of the Opioid Drug Abuse Commission and. #EnterSandman #HOF2019 💯
... big Crooked Hillary law firm, represented by her lawyer Michael Sussmann ( do you believe this? ) who worked Baker hard & gave him Oppo Research for “a Russia probe.” This meeting, now exposed, is the subject of Senate inquiries and much more. An Unconstitutional Hoax.
Former FBI top lawyer James Baker just admitted involvement in FISA Warrant and further admitted there were IRREGULARITIES in the way the Russia probe was handled. They relied heavily on the unverified Trump “Dossier” paid for by the DNC & Clinton Campaign, & funded through a...
The reason Sarah Sanders does not go to the “podium” much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely & inaccurately, in particular certain members of the press. I told her not to bother, the word gets out anyway! Most will never cover us fairly & hence, the term, Fake News!
The United States has a great economic story to tell. Number one in the World, by far!
Last time I went to Davos, the Fake News said I should not go there. This year, because of the Shutdown, I decided not to go, and the Fake News said I should be there. The fact is that the people understand the media better than the media understands them!
Never seen and Republicans so united on an issue as they are on the Humanitarian Crisis & Security on our Southern Border. If we create a Wall or Barrier which prevents Criminals and Drugs from flowing into our Country, Crime will go down by record numbers!
Marist / NPR / PBS Poll shows President Trump’s approval rating among Latinos going to 50 %, an increase in one year of 19 %. Thank you, working hard!
FBI top lawyer confirms “unusual steps. ” They relied on the Clinton Campaign’s Fake & Unverified “ Dossier, ” which is illegal. “ That has corrupted them. That has enabled them to gather evidence by UNCONSTITUTIONAL MEANS, and that’s what they did to the President.” Judge Napolitano
Without a Wall our Country can never have Border or National Security. With a powerful Wall or Steel Barrier, Crime Rates ( and Drugs ) will go substantially down all over the U. S. The Dems know this but want to play political games. Must finally be done correctly. No Cave!
“The Democrats are playing politics with Border Security.”
Nick Sandmann and the students of Covington have become symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be. They have captivated the attention of the world, and I know they will use it for the good - maybe even to bring people together. It started off unpleasant, but can end in a dream!
RT: I want to show other celebrities who voted for it’s ok to come forward. Better yet let’s show the world how …
Looking like Nick Sandman & Covington Catholic students were treated unfairly with early judgements proving out to be false - smeared by media. Not good, but making big comeback! “New footage shows that media was wrong about teen’s encounter with Native American”
Democrats are kidding themselves ( they don’t really believe it! ) if they say you can stop Crime, Drugs, Human Trafficking and Caravans without a Wall or Steel Barrier. Stop playing games and give America the Security it deserves. A Humanitarian Crisis!
Four people in Nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our Country. 26 people killed on the Border in a drug and gang related fight. Two large Caravans from Honduras broke into Mexico and are headed our way. We need a powerful Wall!
If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are “immoral, ” why isn’t she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U. S. and Mexico, even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging. Let millions of unchecked “ strangers” just flow into the U. S.
China posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to U. S. trade tensions and new policies. Makes so much sense for China to finally do a Real Deal, and stop playing around!
Today, it was my great honor to visit the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial with Mike Pence, in honor of #MLKDay
RT: To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say, THANK YOU - YOU ARE GR …
Democrats campaigned on working within Washington and “getting things done!” How is that working out? #2020TAKEBACKTHEHOUSE
Today we celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. for standing up for the self-evident truth Americans hold so dear, that no matter what the color of our skin or the place of our birth, we are all created equal by God. #MLKDay
Last year was the best year for American Manufacturing job growth since 1997, or 21 years. The previous administration said manufacturing will not come back to the U. S., “you would need a magic wand.” I guess I found the MAGIC WAND - and it is only getting better!
“No President in modern times has kept more promises than Donald Trump!” Thank you Bill Bennett
Curt Schilling deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Great record, especially when under pressure and when it mattered most. Do what everyone in Baseball knows is right!
RT: Maybe the left will one day stop trying desperately to destroy my family and especially. Till then the …
Congratulations to Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick, Tom Brady and the entire New England Patriots team on a great game and season. Will be a fantastic Super Bowl!
To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say, THANK YOU - YOU ARE GREAT PATRIOTS! We must now work together, after decades of abuse, to finally fix the Humanitarian, Criminal & Drug Crisis at our Border. WE WILL WIN BIG!
RT: The historic results of President Donald J. Trump’s first two years in office:
RT: Honored to serve as Trump’s Vice President these past two years, working to deliver historic results for the American people …
A truly great First Lady who doesn’t get the credit she deserves!
Thanks James!
RT: So many accomplishments from and his administration over the past two years!
RT: TODAY - Welcomed new members, and
Will do a fantastic job!
RT: The president outlined a compromise proposal to strengthen border security & end the partial government shutdown. Read m …
RT: This proposal, which incorporates provisions similar to legislation I introduced earlier this month with, in …
RT: The President offered a reasonable compromise today to reopen the remainder of the government, and I look forward to c …
RT: It is true and I'm glad to stand with you on this. The Democrats need to come to the table so we can secure …
RT: This is the latest and most significant step yet of POTUS showing his willingness to negotiate and compromise with Demo …
RT: My statement on’s proposal to end the shutdown:
RT: offers to support 2 bills sponsored by Dems ( TPS & DACA extensions ) in exchange for Border Security ( something Democr …
RT: My statement on the President’s proposal to end the partial government #shutdown through a compromise on border security …
RT:. has laid out a constructive new proposal that contains the basis for a bipartisan agreement. It includes many of …
RT: Today proposed a common sense plan to secure our border, reopen our government, and KEEP AMERICANS SAFE. Now it’s time for C …
RT: A fantastic proposal Mr. President! Let's get it done!
RT: I support President ' s plan. I will absolutely vote for this proposal when brings up the b …
RT: President Trump again spoke directly to the American people about the national security crisis at our southern border. …
RT: I strongly support President Trump’s immigration proposal today. Pelosi & Schumer rejected it even before the president …
RT: President Trump has put forward a serious and reasonable offer to reform parts of our broken immigration system and reopen g …
RT: “ I commend the President for his leadership in proposing this bold solution to reopen the government, secure the border, and take …
RT: Spot on.
RT: Breaking: A new NPR / PBS NewsHour / Marist poll shows Hispanic-Latino approval of President Donald Trump’s job performance …

The Media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with North Korea. Think of where we were at the end of the Obama Administration compared to now. Great meeting this week with top Reps. Looking forward to meeting with Chairman Kim at end of February!
Thank you David!
Don’t forget, we are building and renovating big sections of Wall right now. Moving quickly, and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible. Building, after all, is what I do best, even when money is not readily available!
Wow, just heard that my poll numbers with Hispanics has gone up 19 %, to 50 %. That is because they know the Border issue better than anyone, and they want Security, which can only be gotten with a Wall.
Nancy, I am still thinking about the State of the Union speech, there are so many options - including doing it as per your written offer ( made during the Shutdown, security is no problem ), and my written acceptance. While a contract is a contract, I’ll get back to you soon!
Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally & has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical Democrat. She is so petrified of the “lefties” in her party that she has lost control... And by the way, clean up the streets in San Francisco, they are disgusting!
No, Amnesty is not a part of my offer. It is a 3 year extension of DACA. Amnesty will be used only on a much bigger deal, whether on immigration or something else. Likewise there will be no big push to remove the 11,000, 000 plus people who are here illegally-but be careful Nancy!
Nancy Pelosi and some of the Democrats turned down my offer yesterday before I even got up to speak. They don’t see crime & drugs, they only see 2020 - which they are not going to win. Best economy! They should do the right thing for the Country & allow people to go back to work.
Be careful and try staying in your house. Large parts of the Country are suffering from tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold. Amazing how big this system is. Wouldn’t be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!
Always heard that as President, “it’s all about the economy!” Well, we have one of the best economies in the history of our Country. Big GDP, lowest unemployment, companies coming back to the U. S. in BIG numbers, great new trade deals happening, & more. But LITTLE media mention!

I will be live from the White House at 4:00 P. M.
Mexico is doing NOTHING to stop the Caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the United States. We stopped the last two - many are still in Mexico but can’t get through our Wall, but it takes a lot of Border Agents if there is no Wall. Not easy!
Many people are saying that the Mainstream Media will have a very hard time restoring credibility because of the way they have treated me over the past 3 years ( including the election lead-up ), as highlighted by the disgraceful Buzzfeed story & the even more disgraceful coverage!
The Economy is one of the best in our history, with unemployment at a 50 year low, and the Stock Market ready to again break a record ( set by us many times ) - & all you heard yesterday, based on a phony story, was Impeachment. You want to see a Stock Market Crash, Impeach Trump!
. just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President, me! At the same time there has been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office!
Will be leaving for Dover to be with the families of 4 very special people who lost their lives in service to our Country!
Fake News is truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
RT: This is just the most egregious example of the rampant unfairness that has tainted this partisan witch-hunt from the beg …
RT: At what point in fairness-after 2 years do Americans of good will say enough already? If the #SpecialCounsel had collusi …
Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited “Dossier,” paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats ( as opposition research ), on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism, but a great day for our Country!
RT: By the time their fake news campaigns are fully exposed they’ve already moved on to their next fake news campaign. A g …
RT: The Buzzfeed bombshell bombed. It blew up in their face and the rest of the fake news are casualties too.
RT: The reporters never saw the evidence. They went off of a source who said it was “credible”. This isn’t journalism. Con …

RT: Dear God, Thank you for answering our prayers. A grateful Nation #GodBlessAmerica 🇺 🇸 #PresidentTrump #ElectionDay
RT: The entire premise of this story, which received wall-to-wall coverage, was based on " evidence " the reporters admitted t …
RT: This is just one of many fake news stories over the last several years. Sad so many journalists have lost their integrity. I …
RT: Latino Job Approval of Trump SURGES in Midst of Govt Shutdown Over Border Wall Funding
RT: When are we going to start investigating the REAL collusion scandal? The collusion between the Clinton & Obama teams and fore …
RT: " We will b protected by grt men & women of r military & law enforcmt & most importantly, we will b protected by God "
RT: We called it. FAKE NEWS! “More Buzzfeed B. S.”
RT: I told you all that the BuzzFeed story was nonsense.
Just a son who loves his Dad. Nice!
RT: Sadly so many will never get the memo that it was fake!
I will be making a major announcement concerning the Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border, and the Shutdown, tomorrow afternoon at 3 P. M., live from the.

AMERICA FIRST!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Never seen the Republican Party so unified. No “Cave” on the issue of Border and National Security. A beautiful thing to see, especially when you hear the new rhetoric spewing from the mouths of the Democrats who talk Open Border, High Taxes and Crime. Stop Criminals & Drugs now!
Kevin Corke, “Don’t forget, Michael Cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud, and as recently as this week, the Wall Street Journal has suggested that he may have stolen tens of thousands of dollars...” Lying to reduce his jail time! Watch father-in-law!
Another big Caravan heading our way. Very hard to stop without a Wall!
“It’s the Democrats keeping everything closed.” So true!
Why would Nancy Pelosi leave the Country with other Democrats on a seven day excursion when 800,000 great people are not getting paid. Also, could somebody please explain to Nancy & her “big donors” in wine country that people working on farms ( grapes ) will have easy access in!
Border rancher: “We’ve found prayer rugs out here. It’s unreal.” Washington Examiner People coming across the Southern Border from many countries, some of which would be a big surprise.
Gregg Jarrett: “Mueller’s prosecutors knew the “ Dossier ” was the product of bias and deception.” It was a Fake, just like so much news coverage in our Country. Nothing but a Witch Hunt, from beginning to end!
“In 2018 alone, 20,000 illegal aliens with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the Border, and there was a 122 % increase in fentanyl being smuggled between ports of entry. Last month alone, more than 20,000 minors were smuggled into the U. S.”
Thank you to Amy Kremer, Women for Trump Co-Founder, for doing such a great interview with Martha MacCallum... and by the way, women have the lowest unemployment numbers in many decades - at the highest pay ever. Proud of that!
RT: For decades, politicians promised to secure the border, fix our trade deals, bring back our factories, get tough on Ch …
RT:... I am doing exactly what I pledged to do, and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just a …
RT: They are eaten alive by hate for our President & his voters! They care more about illegal immigrants than …
So funny to watch Schumer groveling. He called for the firing of bad cop James Comey many times - UNTIL I FIRED HIM!
The Left has become totally unhinged. They no longer care what is Right for our Countrty!
It is becoming more and more obvious that the Radical Democrats are a Party of open borders and crime. They want nothing to do with the major Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border. #2020!
There are now 77 major or significant Walls built around the world, with 45 countries planning or building Walls. Over 800 miles of Walls have been built in Europe since only 2015. They have all been recognized as close to 100 % successful. Stop the crime at our Southern Border!
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food ( I paid ), over 1000 hamburgers etc. Within one hour, it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
Congratulations!
Why is Nancy Pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not?
RT: We must stand with the rule of law against the coup targeting.
RT: For the first time in a generation, we have a president who is beginning to tell the truth about the crisis on the border. @ …
RT: So... by the FBI's post-Trump standards for C. I. investigations, would this off-mike exchange between Obama & Putin's deput …
RT: BREAKING: Inspector General Michael Horowitz still does NOT have all of Peter Strzok's and Lisa Page's texts, even though …
RT: GREAT AGAIN: Prior to 2018, unemployment has only been below 4 % 5 times since 1970 Under Donald Trump, in 2018, unempl …
RT: No one accused Obama of being a Russian agent after he asked for “more flexibility” until after the the election, or whe …
RT: NYT Reveals FBI Retaliated Against Trump For Lawfully Firing Comey
RT: Since January 1, neither CNN nor MSNBC has booked a single Angel Mom — mothers of children brutally murdered by illegal …
RT: Worth the read. I ’ m A Senior Trump Official, And I Hope A Long Shutdown Smokes Out The Resistance
RT: I trust a rancher on the Southern border more than a liberal politician from Northern California
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food ( I paid ), over 1000 hamberders etc. Within one hour, it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
Polls are now showing that people are beginning to understand the Humanitarian Crisis and Crime at the Border. Numbers are going up fast, over 50 %. Democrats will soon be known as the Party of Crime. Ridiculous that they don’t want Border Security!
A big new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras. Tell Nancy and Chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them. Only a Wall will work. Only a Wall, or Steel Barrier, will keep our Country safe! Stop playing political games and end the Shutdown!
Volkswagen will be spending 800 million dollars in Chattanooga, Tennessee. They will be making Electric Cars. Congratulations to Chattanooga and Tennessee on a job well done. A big win!
Just announced that Veterans unemployment has reached an 18 year low, really good news for our Vets and their families. Will soon be an all time low! Do you think the media will report on this and all of the other great economic news?
The rank and file of the FBI are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about Lyin ’ James Comey and the so-called “leaders” of the FBI. Twelve have been fired or forced to leave. They got caught spying on my campaign and then called it an investigation. Bad!
... I am doing exactly what I pledged to do, and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just as I promised, I am fighting for YOU!
For decades, politicians promised to secure the border, fix our trade deals, bring back our factories, get tough on China, move the Embassy to Jerusalem, make NATO pay their fair share, and so much else - only to do NOTHING ( or worse )...
Spoke w / President Erdogan of Turkey to advise where we stand on all matters including our last two weeks of success in fighting the remnants of ISIS, and 20 mile safe zone. Also spoke about economic development between the U. S. & Turkey - great potential to substantially expand!
RT: ‘Angel mom ’ demands Trump’s wall, ‘ we’ve become collateral damage’
RT: Silence of the Moms: Media Refuse to Discuss Angel Families via
RT: President Trump Delivers Remarks at the American Farm Bureau Federation's 100th Annual Convention
Getting ready to go on stage at the #AFBF100 in New Orleans - packed house! I will try and match the great game played yesterday by the New Orleans Saints and their incredible QB, Drew Brees. People here are very excited by the team. Going on stage now!

The Fake News gets crazier and more dishonest every single day. Amazing to watch as certain people covering me, and the tremendous success of this administration, have truly gone MAD! Their Fake reporting creates anger and disunity. Take two weeks off and come back rested. Chill!
“Dems in Puerto Rico as Shutdown hits day 24.”
Getting ready to address the Farm Convention today in Nashville, Tennessee. Love our farmers, love Tennessee - a great combination! See you in a little while.
Nancy and Cryin ’ Chuck can end the Shutdown in 15 minutes. At this point it has become their, and the Democrats, fault!
I’ve been waiting all weekend. Democrats must get to work now. Border must be secured!
RT: Smugglers are flooding our communities with drugs. * 300 Americans die each week from heroin, 90 % of it comes from south …
RT: Economic policies that and have championed are producing some fantastic results for Americ …
RT: Based on the record, the allegation / suggestion that the #FBI came close to investigating as a Russian s …
RT: Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi are not negotiating in good faith with. Instead, Congressional Democra …
RT: It didn't get the attention it deserved, but recently signed a bill into law that will empower women al …
“Gas prices drop across the United States because President Trump has deregulated Energy and we are now producing a great deal more oil than ever before.” But this is bad news for Russia, why would President Trump do such a thing? Thought he worked for Kremlin?
... Border is eventually going to be militarized and defended or the United States, as we have known it, is going to cease to exist... And Americans will not go gentle into that good night. Patrick Buchanan. The great people of our Country demand proper Border Security NOW!
The Trump portrait of an unsustainable Border Crisis is dead on. “In the last two years, ICE officers made 266,000 arrests of aliens with Criminal Records, including those charged or convicted of 100,000 assaults, 30,000 sex crimes & 4000 violent killings.” America’s Southern...
Best line in the Elizabeth Warren beer catastrophe is, to her husband, “Thank you for being here. I ’ m glad you’re here” It’s their house, he’s supposed to be there!
If Elizabeth Warren, often referred to by me as Pocahontas, did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen, with her husband dressed in full Indian garb, it would have been a smash!
If Elizabeth Warren, often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen, with her husband dressed in full Indian garb, it would have been a smash!
So sorry to hear the news about Jeff Bozo being taken down by a competitor whose reporting, I understand, is far more accurate than the reporting in his lobbyist newspaper, the Amazon Washington Post. Hopefully the paper will soon be placed in better & more responsible hands!
... Likewise, do not want the Kurds to provoke Turkey. Russia, Iran and Syria have been the biggest beneficiaries of the long term U. S. policy of destroying ISIS in Syria - natural enemies. We also benefit but it is now time to bring our troops back home. Stop the ENDLESS WARS!
Starting the long overdue pullout from Syria while hitting the little remaining ISIS territorial caliphate hard, and from many directions. Will attack again from existing nearby base if it reforms. Will devastate Turkey economically if they hit Kurds. Create 20 mile safe zone...
Wish I could share with everyone the beauty and majesty of being in the White House and looking outside at the snow filled lawns and Rose Garden. Really is something - SPECIAL COUNTRY, SPECIAL PLACE!
Thousands of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in Texas prisons. Most came through our Southern Border. We can end this easily - We need a Steel Barrier or Wall. Walls Work! John Jones, Texas Department of Public Safety.
The damage done to our Country from a badly broken Border - Drugs, Crime and so much that is bad - is far greater than a Shutdown, which the Dems can easily fix as soon as they come back to Washington!
I ’ m in the White House, waiting. The Democrats are everywhere but Washington as people await their pay. They are having fun and not even talking!
The building of the Wall on the Southern Border will bring down the crime rate throughout the entire Country!
Democrats are saying that DACA is not worth it and don’t want to include in talks. Many Hispanics will be coming over to the Republican side, watch!
I will be interviewed by Jeanine Pirro at 9:00 P. M. on. Watch before and after. All terrific people. I am in the White House waiting for Cryin ’ Chuck and Nancy to call so we can start helping our Country both at the Border and from within!

We have a massive Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. We will be out for a long time unless the Democrats come back from their “vacations” and get back to work. I am in the White House ready to sign!
... I do have a plan on the Shutdown. But to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that I won the election, and I promised safety and security for the American people. Part of that promise was a Wall at the Southern Border. Elections have consequences!
I just watched a Fake reporter from the Amazon Washington Post say the White House is “chaotic, there does not seem to be a strategy for this Shutdown. There is no plan.” The Fakes always like talking Chaos, there is NONE. In fact, there’s almost nobody in the W. H. but me, and...
Democrats could solve the Shutdown in 15 minutes! Call your Dem Senator or Congresswoman / man. Tell them to get it done! Humanitarian Crisis.
23 % of Federal inmates are illegal immigrants. Border arrests are up 240 %. In the Great State of Texas, between 2011 & 2018, there were a total of 292,000 crimes by illegal aliens, 539 murders, 32,000 assaults, 3,426 sexual assaults and 3000 weapons charges. Democrats come back!
Democrats should come back to Washington and work to end the Shutdown, while at the same time ending the horrible humanitarian crisis at our Southern Border. I am in the White House waiting for you!
Lyin ’ James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Peter S and his lover, agent Lisa Page, & more, all disgraced and / or fired and caught in the act. These are just some of the losers that tried to do a number on your President. Part of the Witch Hunt. Remember the “insurance policy?” This is it!
I have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama, Bush or Clinton. Maybe tougher than any other President. At the same time, & as I have often said, getting along with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again!
... who is being totally protected by his best friend, Bob Mueller, & the 13 Angry Democrats - leaking machines who have NO interest in going after the Real Collusion ( and much more ) by Crooked Hillary Clinton, her Campaign, and the Democratic National Committee. Just Watch!
... the FBI was in complete turmoil ( see N. Y. Post ) because of Comey’s poor leadership and the way he handled the Clinton mess ( not to mention his usurpation of powers from the Justice Department ). My firing of James Comey was a great day for America. He was a Crooked Cop...
... Funny thing about James Comey. Everybody wanted him fired, Republican and Democrat alike. After the rigged & botched Crooked Hillary investigation, where she was interviewed on July 4th Weekend, not recorded or sworn in, and where she said she didn’t know anything ( a lie ),...
Wow, just learned in the Failing New York Times that the corrupt former leaders of the FBI, almost all fired or forced to leave the agency for some very bad reasons, opened up an investigation on me, for no reason & with no proof, after I fired Lyin ’ James Comey, a total sleaze!
. called a San Diego news station ( ) for negative reports on the Wall. When the station said that Walls work, CNN no longer had interest. #FakeNews
Drug prices declined in 2018, the first time in nearly half a century. During the first 19 months of my Administration, Americans saved $ 26 Billion on prescription drugs. Our policies to get cheaper generic drugs to market are working!
I look forward to hosting, right out of the great State of South Carolina, the 2019 NCAA Football Champion Clemson Tigers at the White House on Monday, January 14th. What a game, what a coach, what a team!
RT: This is common sense. Congress must pass a bill that ends the crisis at our border.
RT: This afternoon, President Trump hosted a roundtable discussion with State, local, and community leaders, who spoke on how t …
The Fake News Media keeps saying we haven’t built any NEW WALL. Below is a section just completed on the Border. Anti-climbing feature included. Very high, strong and beautiful! Also, many miles already renovated and in service!
... The Steel Barrier, or Wall, should have been built by previous administrations long ago. They never got it done - I will. Without it, our Country cannot be safe. Criminals, Gangs, Human Traffickers, Drugs & so much other big trouble can easily pour in. It can be stopped cold!
Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. I just got back and it is a far worse situation than almost anyone would understand, an invasion! I have been there numerous times - The Democrats, Cryin ’ Chuck and Nancy don’t know how bad and dangerous it is for our ENTIRE COUNTRY...
H1 - B holders in the United States can rest assured that changes are soon coming which will bring both simplicity and certainty to your stay, including a potential path to citizenship. We want to encourage talented and highly skilled people to pursue career options in the U. S.
I often said during rallies, with little variation, that “Mexico will pay for the Wall.” We have just signed a great new Trade Deal with Mexico. It is Billions of Dollars a year better than the very bad NAFTA deal which it replaces. The difference pays for Wall many times over!
When I took the Oath of Office...
We lose 300 Americans a week, 90 % of which comes through the Southern Border. These numbers will be DRASTICALLY REDUCED if we have a Wall!
Will be interviewed at the Border by on tonight at 9:00. Enjoy!
Dear Diary...
From the Southern Border...
RT: Why do we need border security? This is why. These are the facts. #SecureOurBorder
Because of the Democrats intransigence on Border Security and the great importance of Safety for our Nation, I am respectfully cancelling my very important trip to Davos, Switzerland for the World Economic Forum. My warmest regards and apologies to the!
President Obama, thank you for your great support – I have been saying this all along!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Texas! #MAGA
“Great support for Border Security and the Wall. ” Even greater than anyone would know! “ Presidents supporters do not want him to cave.” I won’t!
There is GREAT unity with the Republicans in the House and Senate, despite the Fake News Media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise. The Opposition Party & the Dems know we must have Strong Border Security, but don’t want to give “Trump” another one of many wins!
Cryin Chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that I “slammed the table & walked out of the room. He had a temper tantrum.” Because I knew he would say that, and after Nancy said no to proper Border Security, I politely said bye-bye and left, no slamming!
RT: New Poll: Vast Majority of Voters Believe There is " Crisis " or " Problem " at U. S. Border
RT: Just received my newest voter score tracking from my team. has reached his highest national approval rating …
RT: Governor Ron DeSantis suspends the horrible Sheriff Scott Israel who is largely responsible for the errors leading up to …
RT: Did you know: At our Southern Border, in 2018: 1.7 MILLION pounds of narcotics were seized 17,000 criminals were arre …
RT: President Trump is winning this shutdown fight Democrats have no message, and are refusing to open government because t …
RT: This is why we need a wall Illegal immigration is a serious threat to our country 90 % of all heroin comes across the b …
Gave an OFF THE RECORD luncheon, somewhat of a White House tradition or custom, to network anchors yesterday - and they quickly leaked the contents of the meeting. Who would believe how bad it has gotten with the mainstream media, which has gone totally bonkers!
The Mainstream Media has NEVER been more dishonest than it is now. NBC and MSNBC are going Crazy. They report stories, purposely, the exact opposite of the facts. They are truly the Opposition Party working with the Dems. May even be worse than Fake News CNN, if that is possible!
Thank you to all of America's brave police, deputies, sheriffs, and federal law enforcement on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! We love you and will always support you.
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forest fires that, with proper Forest Management, would never happen. Unless they get their act together, which is unlikely, I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives & money!
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forrest fires that, with proper Forrest Management, would never happen. Unless they get their act together, which is unlikely, I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives & money!
Our Country is doing so well in so many ways. Great jobs numbers, with a record setting December. We are rebuilding our military. Vets finally have Choice & Accountability. Economy & GDP are strong. Tax & Reg cuts historic. Trade deals great. But we MUST fix our Southern Border!
Thank you for sooo many nice comments regarding my Oval Office speech. A very interesting experience!

Congratulations to a truly great football team, the Clemson Tigers, on an incredible win last night against a powerful Alabama team. A big win also for the Great State of South Carolina. Look forward to seeing the team, and their brilliant coach, for the second time at the W. H.
Talks with China are going very well!
“The President is the biggest and best supporter of the Steel Industry in many years. We are now doing really well. The Tariffs let us compete. Was unfair that the Steel Industry lost its jobs to unfair trade laws. Very positive outcome.” Mark Glyptis, United Steelworkers
Economic numbers looking REALLY good. Can you imagine if I had long term ZERO interest rates to play with like the past administration, rather than the rapidly raised normalized rates we have today. That would have been SO EASY! Still, markets up BIG since 2016 Election!
Endless Wars, especially those which are fought out of judgement mistakes that were made many years ago, & those where we are getting little financial or military help from the rich countries that so greatly benefit from what we are doing, will eventually come to a glorious end!
I am pleased to inform you that I will Address the Nation on the Humanitarian and National Security crisis on our Southern Border. Tuesday night at 9:00 P. M. Eastern.
The Failing New York Times has knowingly written a very inaccurate story on my intentions on Syria. No different from my original statements, we will be leaving at a proper pace while at the same time continuing to fight ISIS and doing all else that is prudent and necessary!...
Congressman Adam Smith, the new Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, just stated, “Yes, there is a provision in law that says a president can declare an emergency. It’s been done a number of times.” No doubt, but let’s get our deal done in Congress!
... The Fake News Media in our Country is the real Opposition Party. It is truly the Enemy of the People! We must bring honesty back to journalism and reporting!
... The Fake News will knowingly lie and demean in order make the tremendous success of the Trump Administration, and me, look as bad as possible. They use non-existent sources & write stories that are total fiction. Our Country is doing so well, yet this is a sad day in America!
With all of the success that our Country is having, including the just released jobs numbers which are off the charts, the Fake News & totally dishonest Media concerning me and my presidency has never been worse. Many have become crazed lunatics who have given up on the TRUTH!...
V. P. Mike Pence and group had a productive meeting with the Schumer / Pelosi representatives today. Many details of Border Security were discussed. We are now planning a Steel Barrier rather than concrete. It is both stronger & less obtrusive. Good solution, and made in the U. S. A.
Our GREAT MILITARY has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the USS Cole. We have just killed the leader of that attack, Jamal al-Badawi. Our work against al Qaeda continues. We will never stop in our fight against Radical Islamic Terrorism!
Excited to see our friends in Egypt opening the biggest Cathedral in the Middle East. President El-Sisi is moving his country to a more inclusive future!
RT: How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time, done nothing wrong ( no Collusion …
RT: As I have stated many times, if the Democrats take over the House or Senate, there will be disruption to the Financial …
... The only reason they do not want to build a Wall is that Walls Work! 99 % of our illegal Border crossings will end, crime in our Country will go way down and we will save billions of dollars a year! A properly planned and constructed Wall will pay for itself many times a year!
“We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected, undocumented, unchecked... ” Barrack Obama, 2005. I voted, when I was a Senator, to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants from coming in...” Hillary Clinton, 2015.

Will be going to Camp David tomorrow morning for meetings on Border Security and many other topics with senior staff.
AP-NORC POLL: “Immigration among the top concerns in 2019.” People want to stop drugs and criminals at the Border. Want Border Security! Tell the Dems to do the inevitable now, rather than later. The wait is costly and dangerous!
“The number of employed Americans has now set a 14th record under President Trump. Over the year, average hourly earnings have increased by 84 cents, or 3.2 %. Participation Rate hits Trump-Era High.” CNS NEWS. And we will do even better with new trade deals and all else!
“Jobs up big, plus 312,000. Record number working. Manufacturing best in 20 years ( Previous administration said this could not happen ). Hispanic unemployment lowest ever. Dow plus 747 ( for day ).”
V. P. Mike Pence and team just left the White House. Briefed me on their meeting with the Schumer / Pelosi representatives. Not much headway made today. Second meeting set for tomorrow. After so many decades, must finally and permanently fix the problems on the Southern Border!
Drug makers and companies are not living up to their commitments on pricing. Not being fair to the consumer, or to our Country!
“Former editor Jill Abramson rips paper's ‘ unmistakably anti-Trump ’ bias.” Ms. Abramson is 100 % correct. Horrible and totally dishonest reporting on almost everything they write. Hence the term Fake News, Enemy of the People, and Opposition Party!
Great Tweet today by Tyler Q. Houlton on the #FakeNews being put out by, a proud member of the Opposition Party. is doing a great job!
The Democrats want Billions of Dollars for Foreign Aid, but they don’t want to spend a small fraction of that number on properly securing our Border. Figure that one out!
We are working hard at the Border, but we need a WALL! In 2018, 1.7 million pounds of narcotics seized, 17,000 adults arrested with criminal records, and 6000 gang members, including MS - 13, apprehended. A big Human Trafficking problem.
I don’t care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats, I want to stop the Shutdown as soon as we are in agreement on Strong Border Security! I am in the White House ready to go, where are the Dems?
Many people currently a part of my opposition, including President Obama & the Dems, have had campaign violations, in some cases for very large sums of money. These are civil cases. They paid a fine & settled. While no big deal, I did not commit a campaign violation!
The Democrats could solve the Shutdown problem in a very short period of time. All they have to do is approve REAL Border Security ( including a Wall ), something which everyone, other than drug dealers, human traffickers and criminals, want very badly! This would be so easy to do!
Great support coming from all sides for Border Security ( including Wall ) on our very dangerous Southern Border. Teams negotiating this weekend! Washington Post and NBC reporting of events, including Fake sources, has been very inaccurate ( to put it mildly )!
Thank you to Kanye West for your nice words. Criminal Justice Reform is now law - passed in a very bipartisan way!
Great new book by Dr. Robert Jeffress, “Choosing the Extraordinary Life.” Get it and enjoy!
The story in the New York Times regarding Jim Webb being considered as the next Secretary of Defense is FAKE NEWS. I ’ m sure he is a fine man, but I don’t know Jim, and never met him. Patrick Shanahan, who is Acting Secretary of Defense, is doing a great job!
“Job growth surges by 312,000 in December”
GREAT JOBS NUMBERS JUST ANNOUNCED!
How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time, done nothing wrong ( no Collusion with Russia, it was the Dems that Colluded ), had the most successful first two years of any president, and is the most popular Republican in party history 93 %?
As I have stated many times, if the Democrats take over the House or Senate, there will be disruption to the Financial Markets. We won the Senate, they won the House. Things will settle down. They only want to impeach me because they know they can’t win in 2020, too much success!
... President Trump deserves a lot of credit, but again, you have the anti-Trump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit. ”
Michael Pillsbury interviewed by: “ They have the motive of making the President look bad – instead of President Trump being portrayed as a HERO. The first President to take China on, it’s 20 years overdue...
The RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the has never been stronger. We achieved historic wins with her help last year! #MAGA 🇺 🇸

The United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly. In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on. At some point this had to be done!
The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they can’t win based on all of the achievements of “Trump,” so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment. For them, strictly politics!
“MAGA list: 205 ‘ historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election”
Sadly, there can be no REAL Border Security without the Wall!
... I remain ready and willing to work with Democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders, supports the agents and officers on the ground, and keeps America Safe. Let’s get it done!
Important meeting today on Border Security with Republican and Democrat Leaders in Congress. Both parties must work together to pass a Funding Bill that protects this Nation and its people – this is the first and most important duty of government...
Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal. Much of the Wall has already been fully renovated or built. We have done a lot of work. $ 5.6 Billion Dollars that House has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of National Security. Quick payback!
Here we go with Mitt Romney, but so fast! Question will be, is he a Flake? I hope not. Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security and so many other things where he can be helpful. I won big, and he didn’t. He should be happy for all Republicans. Be a TEAM player & WIN!
For FAR TOO LONG Senate Democrats have been Obstructing more than 350 Nominations. These great Americans left their jobs to serve our Country, but can’t because Dems are blocking them, some for two years-historic record. Passed committees, but Schumer putting them on hold. Bad!
Do you think it’s just luck that gas prices are so low, and falling? Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut!
“Kim Jong Un says North Korea will not make or test nuclear weapons, or give them to others - & he is ready to meet President Trump anytime.” PBS News Hour. I also look forward to meeting with Chairman Kim who realizes so well that North Korea possesses great economic potential!
Washington Examiner - “MAGA list: 205 ‘ historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election.” True!
Gas prices are low and expected to go down this year. This would be good!
Border Security and the Wall “thing” and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to start her tenure as Speaker! Let’s make a deal?
Congratulations to President who just made a great inauguration speech - the U. S. A. is with you!
One thing has now been proven. The Democrats do not care about Open Borders and all of the crime and drugs that Open Borders bring!
“General” McChrystal got fired like a dog by Obama. Last assignment a total bust. Known for big, dumb mouth. Hillary lover!
RT:... Senator Schumer, more than a year longer than any other Administration in history. These are people who have been …
RT: Heads of countries are calling wanting to know why Senator Schumer is not approving their otherwise approved Ambassado …
RT:. made sure the men and women of the Coast Guard continue to get paid during the #SchumerShutdown. Mea …
RT: Jobless claims fell last week to a 49 - year low. Yet another sign that’s economic policies are working a …
The Democrats, much as I suspected, have allocated no money for a new Wall. So imaginative! The problem is, without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border!
Happy New Year!
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE, INCLUDING THE HATERS AND THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA! 2019 WILL BE A FANTASTIC YEAR FOR THOSE NOT SUFFERING FROM TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME. JUST CALM DOWN AND ENJOY THE RIDE, GREAT THINGS ARE HAPPENING FOR OUR COUNTRY!
Dr. Sebastian Gorka, a very good and talented guy, has a great new book just out, “Why We Fight.” Lots of insight - Enjoy!
RT: 2018 has been a year of historic accomplishments!
... Remember this. Throughout the ages some things NEVER get better and NEVER change. You have Walls and you have Wheels. It was ALWAYS that way and it will ALWAYS be that way! Please explain to the Democrats that there can NEVER be a replacement for a good old fashioned WALL!
The Democrats will probably submit a Bill, being cute as always, which gives everything away but gives NOTHING to Border Security, namely the Wall. You see, without the Wall there can be no Border Security - the Tech “stuff” is just, by comparison, meaningless bells & whistles...
MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U. S. A. is saving through the new Trade Deal, the USMCA, that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal, which has so badly hurt our Country. Mexico & Canada will also thrive - good for all!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Heads of countries are calling wanting to know why Senator Schumer is not approving their otherwise approved Ambassadors!? Likewise in Government lawyers and others are being delayed at a record pace! 360 great and hardworking people are waiting for approval from...
... Senator Schumer, more than a year longer than any other Administration in history. These are people who have been approved by committees and all others, yet Schumer continues to hold them back from serving their Country! Very Unfair!
It’s incredible how Democrats can all use their ridiculous sound bite and say that a Wall doesn’t work. It does, and properly built, almost 100 %! They say it’s old technology - but so is the wheel. They now say it is immoral - but it is far more immoral for people to be dying!
I ’ m in the Oval Office. Democrats, come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security, including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 2013. One more yes, but with me in office, I’ll get it built, and Fast!
I ’ m in the Oval Office. Democrats, come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security, including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 3013. One more yes, but with me in office, I’ll get it built, and Fast!
I am the only person in America who could say that, “I ’ m bringing our great troops back home, with victory,” and get BAD press. It is Fake News and Pundits who have FAILED for years that are doing the complaining. If I stayed in Endless Wars forever, they would still be unhappy!
I campaigned on Border Security, which you cannot have without a strong and powerful Wall. Our Southern Border has long been an “Open Wound,” where drugs, criminals ( including human traffickers ) and illegals would pour into our Country. Dems should get back here an fix now!
... Except the results are FAR BETTER than I ever said they were going to be! I campaigned against the NEVER ENDING WARS, remember!
... I campaigned on getting out of Syria and other places. Now when I start getting out the Fake News Media, or some failed Generals who were unable to do the job before I arrived, like to complain about me & my tactics, which are working. Just doing what I said I was going to do!
If anybody but Donald Trump did what I did in Syria, which was an ISIS loaded mess when I became President, they would be a national hero. ISIS is mostly gone, we’re slowly sending our troops back home to be with their families, while at the same time fighting ISIS remnants...
An all concrete Wall was NEVER ABANDONED, as has been reported by the media. Some areas will be all concrete but the experts at Border Patrol prefer a Wall that is see through ( thereby making it possible to see what is happening on both sides ). Makes sense to me!
President and Mrs. Obama built / has a ten foot Wall around their D. C. mansion / compound. I agree, totally necessary for their safety and security. The U. S. needs the same thing, slightly larger version!
Great work by my Administration over the holidays to save Coast Guard pay during this #SchumerShutdown. No thanks to the Democrats who left town and are not concerned about the safety and security of Americans!
Veterans on President Trump’s handling of Border Security - 62 % Approval Rating. On being a strong leader - 59 %. AP Poll. Thank you!
“ It turns out to be true now, that the Department of Justice and the FBI, under President Obama, rigged the investigation for Hillary and really turned the screws on Trump, and now it looks like in a corrupt & illegal way. The facts are out now. Whole Hoax exposed.
“Absolutely nothing” ( on Russian Collusion ). Kimberley Strassel, The Wall Street Journal. The Russian Collusion fabrication is the greatest Hoax in the history of American politics. The only Russian Collusion was with Hillary and the Democrats!
2018 is being called “THE YEAR OF THE WORKER ” by Steve Moore, co-author of “ Trumponomics. ” It was indeed a great year for the American Worker with the “ best job market in 50 years, and the lowest unemployment rate ever for blacks and Hispanics and all workers. Big wage gains.”
For those that naively ask why didn’t the Republicans get approval to build the Wall over the last year, it is because IN THE SENATE WE NEED 10 DEMOCRAT VOTES, and they will gives us “NONE” for Border Security! Now we have to do it the hard way, with a Shutdown. Too bad!
... children in question were very sick before they were given over to Border Patrol. The father of the young girl said it was not their fault, he hadn’t given her water in days. Border Patrol needs the Wall and it will all end. They are working so hard & getting so little credit!
Any deaths of children or others at the Border are strictly the fault of the Democrats and their pathetic immigration policies that allow people to make the long trek thinking they can enter our country illegally. They can’t. If we had a Wall, they wouldn’t even try! The two...
Just had a long and very good call with President Xi of China. Deal is moving along very well. If made, it will be very comprehensive, covering all subjects, areas and points of dispute. Big progress being made!
I am in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come on over and make a deal on Border Security. From what I hear, they are spending so much time on Presidential Harassment that they have little time left for things like stopping crime and our military!
The Mueller Angry Democrats recently deleted approximately 19,000 Text messages between FBI Agent Lisa Page and her lover, Agent Peter S. These Texts were asked for and INVALUABLE to the truth of the Witch Hunt Hoax. This is a total Obstruction of Justice. All Texts Demanded!
Thank you to Sean Parnell for the nice comments on about the troops wonderful reaction to Melania and I in Iraq and Germany. Great things are happening!
... Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador are doing nothing for the United States but taking our money. Word is that a new Caravan is forming in Honduras and they are doing nothing about it. We will be cutting off all aid to these 3 countries - taking advantage of U. S. for years!
... close the Southern Border. Bring our car industry back into the United States where it belongs. Go back to pre-NAFTA, before so many of our companies and jobs were so foolishly sent to Mexico. Either we build ( finish ) the Wall or we close the Border...
... The United States looses sooo much money on Trade with Mexico under NAFTA, over 75 Billion Dollars a year ( not including Drug Money which would be many times that amount ), that I would consider closing the Southern Border a “profit making operation.” We build a Wall or...
We will be forced to close the Southern Border entirely if the Obstructionist Democrats do not give us the money to finish the Wall & also change the ridiculous immigration laws that our Country is saddled with. Hard to believe there was a Congress & President who would approve!
CNN & others within the Fake News Universe were going wild about my signing MAGA hats for our military in Iraq and Germany. If these brave young people ask me to sign their hat, I will sign. Can you imagine my saying NO? We brought or gave NO hats as the Fake News first reported!
This isn’t about the Wall, everybody knows that a Wall will work perfectly ( In Israel the Wall works 99.9 % ). This is only about the Dems not letting Donald Trump & the Republicans have a win. They may have the 10 Senate votes, but we have the issue, Border Security. 2020!
Brad Blakeman: “The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The President says look, this is your neighborhood, you’ve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Don’t always look to America.”
Brad Blakeman: “The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The Pesident says look, this is your neighborhood, you’ve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Don’t always look to America.”
I totally agree!
There is right now a full scale manhunt going on in California for an illegal immigrant accused of shooting and killing a police officer during a traffic stop. Time to get tough on Border Security. Build the Wall!
“Border Patrol Agents want the Wall.” Democrat’s say they don’t want the Wall ( even though they know it is really needed ), and they don’t want ICE. They don’t have much to campaign on, do they? An Open Southern Border and the large scale crime that comes with such stupidity!
The reason the DACA for Wall deal didn’t get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain, thereby setting up a Supreme Court case. After ruling, Dems dropped deal - and that’s where we are today, Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall.
The Democrats OBSTRUCTION of the desperately needed Wall, where they almost all recently agreed it should be built, is exceeded only by their OBSTRUCTION of 350 great people wanting & expecting to come into Government after being delayed for more than two years, a U. S. record!
The reason the DACA for Wall deal didn’t get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain, thereby setting up a Supteme Court case. After ruling, Dems dropped deal - and that’s where we are today, Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall.
Have the Democrats finally realized that we desperately need Border Security and a Wall on the Southern Border. Need to stop Drugs, Human Trafficking, Gang Members & Criminals from coming into our Country. Do the Dems realize that most of the people not getting paid are Democrats?
Just returned from visiting our troops in Iraq and Germany. One thing is certain, we have incredible people representing our Country - people that know how to win!
. Melania and I were honored to visit our incredible troops at Al Asad Air Base in Iraq. GOD BLESS THE U. S. A.!
I hope everyone, even the Fake News Media, is having a great Christmas! Our Country is doing very well. We are securing our Borders, making great new Trade Deals, and bringing our Troops Back Home. We are finally putting America First. MERRY CHRISTMAS! #MAGA
Merry Christmas!
I am in the Oval Office & just gave out a 115 mile long contract for another large section of the Wall in Texas. We are already building and renovating many miles of Wall, some complete. Democrats must end Shutdown and finish funding. Billions of Dollars, & lives, will be saved!
Christmas Eve briefing with my team working on North Korea – Progress being made. Looking forward to my next summit with Chairman Kim!
I am all alone ( poor me ) in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come back and make a deal on desperately needed Border Security. At some point the Democrats not wanting to make a deal will cost our Country more money than the Border Wall we are all talking about. Crazy!
Saudi Arabia has now agreed to spend the necessary money needed to help rebuild Syria, instead of the United States. See? Isn’t it nice when immensely wealthy countries help rebuild their neighbors rather than a Great Country, the U. S., that is 5000 miles away. Thanks to Saudi A!
The Wall is different than the 25 Billion Dollars in Border Security. The complete Wall will be built with the Shutdown money plus funds already in hand. The reporting has been inaccurate on the point. The problem is, without the Wall, much of the rest of Dollars are wasted!
I never “lashed out” at the Acting Attorney General of the U. S., a man for whom I have great respect. This is a made up story, one of many, by the Fake News Media!
The only problem our economy has is the Fed. They don’t have a feel for the Market, they don’t understand necessary Trade Wars or Strong Dollars or even Democrat Shutdowns over Borders. The Fed is like a powerful golfer who can’t score because he has no touch - he can’t putt!
AMERICA IS RESPECTED AGAIN!
For all of the sympathizers out there of Brett McGurk remember, he was the Obama appointee who was responsible for loading up airplanes with 1.8 Billion Dollars in CASH & sending it to Iran as part of the horrific Iran Nuclear Deal ( now terminated ) approved by Little Bob Corker.
... We are substantially subsidizing the Militaries of many VERY rich countries all over the world, while at the same time these countries take total advantage of the U. S., and our TAXPAYERS, on Trade. General Mattis did not see this as a problem. I DO, and it is being fixed!
To those few Senators who think I don’t like or appreciate being allied with other countries, they are wrong, I DO. What I don’t like, however, is when many of these same countries take advantage of their friendship with the United States, both in Military Protection and Trade...
Virtually every Democrat we are dealing with today strongly supported a Border Wall or Fence. It was only when I made it an important part of my campaign, because people and drugs were pouring into our Country unchecked, that they turned against it. Desperately needed!
President of Turkey has very strongly informed me that he will eradicate whatever is left of ISIS in Syria... and he is a man who can do it plus, Turkey is right “next door.” Our troops are coming home!
“The President has been remarkable. I do not doubt that he will thrive in this new environment, and he will be a constant reminder of what populism is.” Thank you to Tammy Bruce and Steve Hilton. Presidential Harassment has been with me from the beginning!
The most important way to stop gangs, drugs, human trafficking and massive crime is at our Southern Border. We need Border Security, and as EVERYONE knows, you can’t have Border Security without a Wall. The Drones & Technology are just bells and whistles. Safety for America!
Mitch McConnell just told a group of people, and me, that he has been in the U. S. Senate for 32 years and the last two have been by far the best & most productive of his career. Tax & Regulation Cuts, VA Choice, Farm Bill, Criminal Justice Reform, Judgeships & much more. Great!
“It should not be the job of America to replace regimes around the world. This is what President Trump recognized in Iraq, that it was the biggest foreign policy disaster of the last several decades, and he’s right... The generals still don’t get the mistake.”
Thanks “I am very proud of the President. This is exactly what he promised, and I think the people agree with him. We’ve been at war too long and in too many places... spent several trillion dollars on these wars everywhere. He’s different... that’s why he got elected.”
... Bob Corker was responsible for giving us the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal, which I ended, yet he badmouths me for wanting to bring our young people safely back home. Bob wanted to run and asked for my endorsement. I said NO and the game was over. #MAGA I LOVE TENNESSEE!
Senator Bob Corker just stated that, “I ’ m so priveledged to serve in the Senate for twelve years, and that’s what I told the people of our state that’s what I ’ d do, serve for two terms.” But that is Not True - wanted to run but poll numbers TANKED when I wouldn’t endorse him...
We signed two pieces of major legislation this week, Criminal Justice Reform and the Farm Bill. These are two Big Deals, but all the Fake News Media wants to talk about is “the mistake” of bringing our young people back home from the Never Ending Wars. It all began 19 years ago!
Unthinkable devastation from the tsunami disaster in Indonesia. More than two hundred dead and nearly a thousand injured or unaccounted for. We are praying for recovery and healing. America is with you!
I just had a long and productive call with President of Turkey. We discussed ISIS, our mutual involvement in Syria, & the slow & highly coordinated pullout of U. S. troops from the area. After many years they are coming home. We also discussed heavily expanded Trade.
I am pleased to announce that our very talented Deputy Secretary of Defense, Patrick Shanahan, will assume the title of Acting Secretary of Defense starting January 1, 2019. Patrick has a long list of accomplishments while serving as Deputy, & previously Boeing. He will be great!
The only way to stop drugs, gangs, human trafficking, criminal elements and much else from coming into our Country is with a Wall or Barrier. Drones and all of the rest are wonderful and lots of fun, but it is only a good old fashioned Wall that works!
When President Obama ingloriously fired Jim Mattis, I gave him a second chance. Some thought I shouldn’t, I thought I should. Interesting relationship-but I also gave all of the resources that he never really had. Allies are very important-but not when they take advantage of U. S.
If anybody but your favorite President, Donald J. Trump, announced that, after decimating ISIS in Syria, we were going to bring our troops back home ( happy & healthy ), that person would be the most popular hero in America. With me, hit hard instead by the Fake News Media. Crazy!
Brett McGurk, who I do not know, was appointed by President Obama in 2015. Was supposed to leave in February but he just resigned prior to leaving. Grandstander? The Fake News is making such a big deal about this nothing event!
I will not be going to Florida because of the Shutdown - Staying in the White House! #MAGA
Senate adjourns until December 27th.
I won an election, said to be one of the greatest of all time, based on getting out of endless & costly foreign wars & also based on Strong Borders which will keep our Country safe. We fight for the borders of other countries, but we won’t fight for the borders of our own!
The crisis of illegal activity at our Southern Border is real and will not stop until we build a great Steel Barrier or Wall. Let work begin!
Will be having lunch in White House residence with large group concerning Border Security.
... going to be there for three months, and that was seven years ago - we never left. When I became President, ISIS was going wild. Now ISIS is largely defeated and other local countries, including Turkey, should be able to easily take care of whatever remains. We’re coming home!
I am in the White House, working hard. News reports concerning the Shutdown and Syria are mostly FAKE. We are negotiating with the Democrats on desperately needed Border Security ( Gangs, Drugs, Human Trafficking & more ) but it could be a long stay. On Syria, we were originally...
OUR GREAT COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!
Wishing Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg a full and speedy recovery!
Some of the many Bills that I am signing in the Oval Office right now. Cancelled my trip on Air Force One to Florida while we wait to see if the Democrats will help us to protect America’s Southern Border!
A design of our Steel Slat Barrier which is totally effective while at the same time beautiful!
Today, it was my honor to sign into law H. R. 7213, the “Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018.” The Act redesignates the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office as the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. Read more:
Today, it was my great honor to sign the #FirstStepAct - a monumental bi-partisan win for the American people!
I’ve done more damage to ISIS than all recent presidents... not even close!
The Democrats now own the shutdown!
General Anthony Tata, author, “Dark Winter. ” I think the President is making the exact right move in Syria. All the geniuses who are protesting the withdrawal of troops from Syria are the same geniuses who cooked the books on ISIS intelligence and gave rise to ISIS.”
There has never been a president who has been tougher ( but fair ) on China or Russia - Never, just look at the facts. The Fake News tries so hard to paint the opposite picture.
Thank you for being willing to go with the so-called nuclear option in order to win on DESPERATELY NEEDED Border Security! Have my total support.
Mitch, use the Nuclear Option and get it done! Our Country is counting on you!
Even President Ronald Reagan tried for 8 years to build a Border Wall, or Fence, and was unable to do so. Others also have tried. We will get it done, one way or the other!
Shutdown today if Democrats do not vote for Border Security!
House Republican Vote, 217-185.
The Democrats, whose votes we need in the Senate, will probably vote against Border Security and the Wall even though they know it is DESPERATELY NEEDED. If the Dems vote no, there will be a shutdown that will last for a very long time. People don’t want Open Borders and Crime!
No matter what happens today in the Senate, Republican House Members should be very proud of themselves. They flew back to Washington from all parts of the World in order to vote for Border Security and the Wall. Not one Democrat voted yes, and we won big. I am very proud of you!
... on a Border is only effective in conjunction with a Wall. Properly designed and built Walls work, and the Democrats are lying when they say they don’t. In Israel the Wall is 99.9 % successful. Will not be any different on our Southern Border! Hundreds of $ Billions saved!
The Democrats are trying to belittle the concept of a Wall, calling it old fashioned. The fact is there is nothing else’s that will work, and that has been true for thousands of years. It’s like the wheel, there is nothing better. I know tech better than anyone, & technology...
Senator Mitch McConnell should fight for the Wall and Border Security as hard as he fought for anything. He will need Democrat votes, but as shown in the House, good things happen. If enough Dems don’t vote, it will be a Democrat Shutdown! House Republicans were great yesterday!
Soon to be Speaker Nancy Pelosi said, last week live from the Oval Office, that the Republicans didn’t have the votes for Border Security. Today the House Republicans voted and won, 217-185. Nancy does not have to apologize. All I want is GREAT BORDER SECURITY!
Thank you to our GREAT Republican Members of Congress for your VOTE to fund Border Security and the Wall. The final numbers were 217-185 and many have said that the enthusiasm was greater than they have ever seen before. So proud of you all. Now on to the Senate!
General Jim Mattis will be retiring, with distinction, at the end of February, after having served my Administration as Secretary of Defense for the past two years. During Jim’s tenure, tremendous progress has been made, especially with respect to the purchase of new fighting...
... equipment. General Mattis was a great help to me in getting allies and other countries to pay their share of military obligations. A new Secretary of Defense will be named shortly. I greatly thank Jim for his service!
Farm Bill signing in 15 minutes! #Emmys #TBT
So hard to believe that Lindsey Graham would be against saving soldier lives & billions of $ $ $. Why are we fighting for our enemy, Syria, by staying & killing ISIS for them, Russia, Iran & other locals? Time to focus on our Country & bring our youth back home where they belong!
Congress just passed the Criminal Justice Reform Bill known as the #FirstStepAct. Congratulations! This is a great bi-partisan achievement for everybody. When both parties work together we can keep our Country safer. A wonderful thing for the U. S. A.!!
When I begrudgingly signed the Omnibus Bill, I was promised the Wall and Border Security by leadership. Would be done by end of year ( NOW ). It didn’t happen! We foolishly fight for Border Security for other countries - but not for our beloved U. S. A. Not good!
With so much talk about the Wall, people are losing sight of the great job being done on our Southern Border by Border Patrol, ICE and our great Military. Remember the Caravans? Well, they didn’t get through and none are forming or on their way. Border is tight. Fake News silent!
The Democrats, who know Steel Slats ( Wall ) are necessary for Border Security, are putting politics over Country. What they are just beginning to realize is that I will not sign any of their legislation, including infrastructure, unless it has perfect Border Security. U. S. A. WINS!
... Russia, Iran, Syria & many others are not happy about the U. S. leaving, despite what the Fake News says, because now they will have to fight ISIS and others, who they hate, without us. I am building by far the most powerful military in the world. ISIS hits us they are doomed!
Does the USA want to be the Policeman of the Middle East, getting NOTHING but spending precious lives and trillions of dollars protecting others who, in almost all cases, do not appreciate what we are doing? Do we want to be there forever? Time for others to finally fight...
Getting out of Syria was no surprise. I’ve been campaigning on it for years, and six months ago, when I very publicly wanted to do it, I agreed to stay longer. Russia, Iran, Syria & others are the local enemy of ISIS. We were doing there work. Time to come home & rebuild. #MAGA
“I ’ m proud of the President today to hear that he is declaring victory in Syria.” Senator Rand Paul. “ I couldn’t agree more with the presidents decision. By definition, this is the opposite of an Obama decision. Senator Mike Lee
“Trump gets no credit for what he’s done in the Middle East.” So true, thank you Laura!
Col. Jim Carafano on “Trump has made the Middle East a better place. When Trump came into office, ISIS was running amuck in the Middle East. Over a million refugees poured into Western Europe - none of that is happening today. That’s all due to Trump.”
... In any event, it goes on and on & the new AG, who is now being replaced by yet another AG ( who openly campaigned on a GET TRUMP agenda ), does little else but rant, rave & politic against me. Will never be treated fairly by these people - a total double standard of “justice.”
... sleazebag AG Eric Schneiderman, who has since resigned over horrific women abuse, when I wanted to close the Foundation so as not to be in conflict with politics. Shady Eric was head of New Yorkers for Clinton, and refused to even look at the corrupt Clinton Foundation...
The Trump Foundation has done great work and given away lots of money, both mine and others, to great charities over the years - with me taking NO fees, rent, salaries etc. Now, as usual, I am getting slammed by Cuomo and the Dems in a long running civil lawsuit started by...
We have defeated ISIS in Syria, my only reason for being there during the Trump Presidency.
Mexico is paying ( indirectly ) for the Wall through the new USMCA, the replacement for NAFTA! Far more money coming to the U. S. Because of the tremendous dangers at the Border, including large scale criminal and drug inflow, the United States Military will build the Wall!
In our Country, so much money has been poured down the drain, for so many years, but when it comes to Border Security and the Military, the Democrats fight to the death. We won on the Military, which is being completely rebuilt. One way or the other, we will win on the Wall!
In our Country, so much money has been poured down the drain, for so many years, but the Democrats fight us like cats and dogs when it comes to spending on Boarder Security ( including a Wall ) and the Military. We won on the Military, it is being completely rebuilt. We will win...
... This will keep our communities safer, and provide hope and a second chance, to those who earn it. In addition to everything else, billions of dollars will be saved. I look forward to signing this into law!
America is the greatest Country in the world and my job is to fight for ALL citizens, even those who have made mistakes. Congratulations to the Senate on the bi-partisan passing of a historic Criminal Justice Reform Bill...
The Democrats, are saying loud and clear that they do not want to build a Concrete Wall - but we are not building a Concrete Wall, we are building artistically designed steel slats, so that you can easily see through it...
... It will be beautiful and, at the same time, give our Country the security that our citizens deserve. It will go up fast and save us BILLIONS of dollars a month once completed!
Congratulations to on her appointment by Governor as the Great new Senator from Arizona - I have no doubt she will do a fantastic job!
“President Donald J. Trump’s Commission on School Safety examined ways to make our schools safe for all students and teachers.” Read more:
Michael Isikoff was the first to report Dossier allegations and now seriously doubts the Dossier claims. The whole Russian Collusion thing was a HOAX, but who is going to restore the good name of so many people whose reputations have been destroyed?
... WILL NEVER BE PROVEN AND ARE LIKELY FALSE. ” Thank you to Michael Isikoff, Yahoo, for honesty. What this means is that the FISA WARRANTS and the whole Russian Witch Hunt is a Fraud and a Hoax which should be ended immediately. Also, it was paid for by Crooked Hillary & DNC!
Russia Dossier reporter now doubts dopey Christopher Steele’s claims! “ When you get into the details of the Steele Dossier, the specific allegations, we have not seen the evidence to support them. There’s good grounds to think that some of the more sensational allegations...
Illegal immigration costs the United States more than 200 Billion Dollars a year. How was this allowed to happen?
Facebook, Twitter and Google are so biased toward the Dems it is ridiculous! Twitter, in fact, has made it much more difficult for people to join. They have removed many names & greatly slowed the level and speed of increase. They have acknowledged-done NOTHING!
I hope the people over at the Fed will read today’s Wall Street Journal Editorial before they make yet another mistake. Also, don’t let the market become any more illiquid than it already is. Stop with the 50 B’s. Feel the market, don’t just go by meaningless numbers. Good luck!
Good luck today in court to General Michael Flynn. Will be interesting to see what he has to say, despite tremendous pressure being put on him, about Russian Collusion in our great and, obviously, highly successful political campaign. There was no Collusion!
Biggest outrage yet in the long, winding and highly conflicted Mueller Witch Hunt is the fact that 19,000 demanded Text messages between Peter Strzok and his FBI lover, Lisa Page, were purposely & illegally deleted. Would have explained whole Hoax, which is now under protest!
Today I am making good on my promise to defend our Farmers & Ranchers from unjustified trade retaliation by foreign nations. I have authorized Secretary Perdue to implement the 2nd round of Market Facilitation Payments. Our economy is stronger than ever – we stand with our Farmers!
Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Border Security without a Wall, write them off as just another politician following the party line. Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have, at the same time, far greater safety and control!
It is incredible that with a very strong dollar and virtually no inflation, the outside world blowing up around us, Paris is burning and China way down, the Fed is even considering yet another interest rate hike. Take the Victory!
Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Boarder Security without a Wall, write them off as just another politician following the party line. Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have, at the same time, far greater safety and control!
The DEDUCTIBLE which comes with ObamaCare is so high that it is practically not even useable! Hurts families badly. We have a chance, working with the Democrats, to deliver great HealthCare! A confirming Supreme Court Decision will lead to GREAT HealthCare results for Americans!
... The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax, started as the “insurance policy” long before I even got elected, is very bad for our Country. They are Entrapping people for misstatements, lies or unrelated things that took place many years ago. Nothing to do with Collusion. A Democrat Scam!
... a persecution of the President. ” Daniel Henninger, The Wall Street Journal. Thank you, people are starting to see and understand what this Witch Hunt is all about. Jeff Sessions should be ashamed of himself for allowing this total HOAX to get started in the first place!
“ It looks here as though General Flynn’s defenses are incidental to something larger which is for the prosecution to figure out if it can find a path to Donald Trump without quite knowing what that crime might be. It stops looking like prosecution and more looking like...
Required television watching is last weeks interview with the wonderful wife of Rod Blagojevich and the interview with a Jerome Corsi. If that doesn’t tell you something about what has been going on in our Country, nothing will. Very sad!
Required television watching is last weeks interview with the wonderful wife of and the interview with a Jerome Corsi. If that doesn’t tell you something about what has been going on in our Country, nothing will. Very sad!
The Democrats policy of Child Seperation on the Border during the Obama Administration was far worse than the way we handle it now. Remember the 2014 picture of children in cages - the Obama years. However, if you don’t separate, FAR more people will come. Smugglers use the kids!
Judge Ken Starr, former Solicitor Generel & Independent Counsel, just stated that, after two years, “there is no evidence or proof of collusion ” & further that “ there is no evidence that there was a campaign financing violation involving the President.” Thank you Judge.
At the request of many, I will be reviewing the case of a “U. S. Military hero,” Major Matt Golsteyn, who is charged with murder. He could face the death penalty from our own government after he admitted to killing a Terrorist bomb maker while overseas.
Remember, Michael Cohen only became a “Rat” after the FBI did something which was absolutely unthinkable & unheard of until the Witch Hunt was illegally started. They BROKE INTO AN ATTORNEY’S OFFICE! Why didn’t they break into the DNC to get the Server, or Crooked’s office?
So where are all the missing Text messages between fired FBI agents Peter S and the lovely Lisa Page, his lover. Just reported that they have been erased and wiped clean. What an outrage as the totally compromised and conflicted Witch Hunt moves ever so slowly forward. Want them!
A REAL scandal is the one sided coverage, hour by hour, of networks like NBC & Democrat spin machines like Saturday Night Live. It is all nothing less than unfair news coverage and Dem commercials. Should be tested in courts, can’t be legal? Only defame & belittle! Collusion?
Wow, 19,000 Texts between Lisa Page and her lover, Peter S of the FBI, in charge of the Russia Hoax, were just reported as being wiped clean and gone. Such a big story that will never be covered by the Fake News. Witch Hunt!
The pathetic and dishonest Weekly Standard, run by failed prognosticator Bill Kristol ( who, like many others, never had a clue ), is flat broke and out of business. Too bad. May it rest in peace!
Never in the history of our Country has the “press” been more dishonest than it is today. Stories that should be good, are bad. Stories that should be bad, are horrible. Many stories, like with the REAL story on Russia, Clinton & the DNC, seldom get reported. Too bad!
... The Trump Administration will be announcing the new Secretary of the Interior next week.
Secretary of the Interior will be leaving the Administration at the end of the year after having served for a period of almost two years. Ryan has accomplished much during his tenure and I want to thank him for his service to our Nation...
Wow, but not surprisingly, ObamaCare was just ruled UNCONSTITUTIONAL by a highly respected judge in Texas. Great news for America!
As I predicted all along, Obamacare has been struck down as an UNCONSTITUTIONAL disaster! Now Congress must pass a STRONG law that provides GREAT healthcare and protects pre-existing conditions. Mitch and Nancy, get it done!
For the record, there were MANY people who wanted to be the White House Chief of Staff. Mick M will do a GREAT job!
... I look forward to working with him in this new capacity as we continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! John will be staying until the end of the year. He is a GREAT PATRIOT and I want to personally thank him for his service!
I am pleased to announce that Mick Mulvaney, Director of the Office of Management & Budget, will be named Acting White House Chief of Staff, replacing General John Kelly, who has served our Country with distinction. Mick has done an outstanding job while in the Administration...
Thank you to for agreeing to expand operations in the U. S. and thereby creating thousands of jobs!
Many people have asked how we are doing in our negotiations with North Korea - I always reply by saying we are in no hurry, there is wonderful potential for great economic success for that country...
... Kim Jong Un sees it better than anyone and will fully take advantage of it for his people. We are doing just fine!
China just announced that their economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U. S. Tariff Hikes. U. S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen, and rather soon!
China just announce the there economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U. S. Tariff Hikes. U. S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen, and rather soon!
Today, it was my honor to welcome our Nation’s newly elected Governors to the!
Just did an interview with on, airing now ( 1pmE. ) Enjoy!
... She will probably be given a pass, despite their terrible ratings. Congratulations to, our great Ambassador to Germany, for having the courage to take this horrible issue on!
If it was a Conservative that said what “crazed” Mika Brzezinski stated on her show yesterday, using a certain horrible term, that person would be banned permanently from television...
WITCH HUNT!
They gave General Flynn a great deal because they were embarrassed by the way he was treated - the FBI said he didn’t lie and they overrode the FBI. They want to scare everybody into making up stories that are not true by catching them in the smallest of misstatements. Sad!...
... guilty even on a civil basis. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence, which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer, Michael has great liability to me!
... guilty even on a civil bases. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence, which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer, Michael has great liability to me!
... stated that I did nothing wrong with respect to campaign finance laws, if they even apply, because this was not campaign finance. Cohen was guilty on many charges unrelated to me, but he plead to two campaign charges which were not criminal and of which he probably was not...
I never directed Michael Cohen to break the law. He was a lawyer and he is supposed to know the law. It is called “advice of counsel,” and a lawyer has great liability if a mistake is made. That is why they get paid. Despite that many campaign finance lawyers have strongly...
I often stated, “One way or the other, Mexico is going to pay for the Wall.” This has never changed. Our new deal with Mexico ( and Canada ), the USMCA, is so much better than the old, very costly & anti-USA NAFTA deal, that just by the money we save, MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL!
. Melania will be interviewed by tonight on at 9:00 pmE!
The Democrats and President Obama gave Iran 150 Billion Dollars and got nothing, but they can’t give 5 Billion Dollars for National Security and a Wall?
Another very bad terror attack in France. We are going to strengthen our borders even more. Chuck and Nancy must give us the votes to get additional Border Security!
Thanks to Leader McConnell for agreeing to bring a Senate vote on Criminal Justice this week! These historic changes will make communities SAFER and SAVE tremendous taxpayers dollars. It brings much needed hope to many families during the Holiday Season.
“I don’t care what you think of the President... it cannot bleed over to the FBI... Comey is confirming there is bias in the FBI...” - Chris Swecker
James Comey just totally exposed his partisan stance by urging his fellow Democrats to take back the White House in 2020. In other words, he is and has been a Democrat. Comey had no right heading the FBI at any time, but especially after his mind exploded!
Fake News has it purposely wrong. Many, over ten, are vying for and wanting the White House Chief of Staff position. Why wouldn’t someone want one of the truly great and meaningful jobs in Washington. Please report news correctly. Thank you!
Very productive conversations going on with China! Watch for some important announcements!
Great job by Michael Anton on. A true National Security expert!
... People do not yet realize how much of the Wall, including really effective renovation, has already been built. If the Democrats do not give us the votes to secure our Country, the Military will build the remaining sections of the Wall. They know how important it is!
... I look forward to my meeting with Chuck Schumer & Nancy Pelosi. In 2006, Democrats voted for a Wall, and they were right to do so. Today, they no longer want Border Security. They will fight it at all cost, and Nancy must get votes for Speaker. But the Wall will get built...
... however, for strictly political reasons and because they have been pulled so far left, do NOT want Border Security. They want Open Borders for anyone to come in. This brings large scale crime and disease. Our Southern Border is now Secure and will remain that way...
... Ice, Border Patrol and our Military have done a FANTASTIC job of securing our Southern Border. A Great Wall would be, however, a far easier & less expensive solution. We have already built large new sections & fully renovated others, making them like new. The Democrats,...
Despite the large Caravans that WERE forming and heading to our Country, people have not been able to get through our newly built Walls, makeshift Walls & Fences, or Border Patrol Officers & Military. They are now staying in Mexico or going back to their original countries...
“Former FBI Director James Comey under fire for his testimony acknowledging he knew that the Democrats paid for that phony Trump Dossier.” Details on Tuesday night.
James Comey’s behind closed doors testimony reveals that “there was not evidence of Campaign Collusion” with Russia when he left the FBI. In other words, the Witch Hunt is illegal and should never have been started!
... which it was not ( but even if it was, it is only a CIVIL CASE, like Obama’s - but it was done correctly by a lawyer and there would not even be a fine. Lawyer’s liability if he made a mistake, not me ). Cohen just trying to get his sentence reduced. WITCH HUNT!
“Democrats can’t find a Smocking Gun tying the Trump campaign to Russia after James Comey’s testimony. No Smocking Gun... No Collusion.” That’s because there was NO COLLUSION. So now the Dems go to a simple private transaction, wrongly call it a campaign contribution,...
I am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of White House Chief of Staff. Fake News has been saying with certainty it was Nick Ayers, a spectacular person who will always be with our #MAGA agenda. I will be making a decision soon!
The Trump Administration has accomplished more than any other U. S. Administration in its first two ( not even ) years of existence, & we are having a great time doing it! All of this despite the Fake News Media, which has gone totally out of its mind-truly the Enemy of the People!
Leakin ’ James Comey must have set a record for who lied the most to Congress in one day. His Friday testimony was so untruthful! This whole deal is a Rigged Fraud headed up by dishonest people who would do anything so that I could not become President. They are now exposed!
On 245 occasions, former FBI Director James Comey told House investigators he didn’t know, didn’t recall, or couldn’t remember things when asked. Opened investigations on 4 Americans ( not 2 ) - didn’t know who signed off and didn’t know Christopher Steele. All lies!
It was my honor to attend today’s #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia. A GREAT game played all around by our HEROES. Congratulations on the win!
#ArmyNavyGame 🇺 🇸
Great honor to be headed to the Army-Navy game today. Will be there shortly, landing now!
... left and right, he then woke up from his dream screaming that HE LIED. Next time I go to Vietnam I will ask “the Dick” to travel with me!
Watched Da Nang Dick Blumenthal on television spewing facts almost as accurate as his bravery in Vietnam ( which he never saw ). As the bullets whizzed by Da Nang Dicks head, as he was saving soldiers...
Very sad day & night in Paris. Maybe it’s time to end the ridiculous and extremely expensive Paris Agreement and return money back to the people in the form of lower taxes? The U. S. was way ahead of the curve on that and the only major country where emissions went down last year!
“This is collusion illusion, there is no smoking gun here. At this late date, after all that we have gone through, after millions have been spent, we have no Russian Collusion. There is nothing impeachable here.” Time for the Witch Hunt to END!
I am pleased to announce my nomination of four-star General Mark Milley, Chief of Staff of the United States Army – as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, replacing General Joe Dunford, who will be retiring...
... I am thankful to both of these incredible men for their service to our Country! Date of transition to be determined.
AFTER TWO YEARS AND MILLIONS OF PAGES OF DOCUMENTS ( and a cost of over $ 30,000, 000 ), NO COLLUSION!
The idea of a European Military didn’t work out too well in W. W. I or 2. But the U. S. was there for you, and always will be. All we ask is that you pay your fair share of NATO. Germany is paying 1 % while the U. S. pays 4.3 % of a much larger GDP - to protect Europe. Fairness!
The Paris Agreement isn’t working out so well for Paris. Protests and riots all over France. People do not want to pay large sums of money, much to third world countries ( that are questionably run ), in order to maybe protect the environment. Chanting “We Want Trump!” Love France.
Totally clears the President. Thank you!
It is being reported that Leakin ' James Comey was told by Department of Justice attorneys not to answer the most important questions. Total bias and corruption at the highest levels of previous Administration. Force him to answer the questions under oath!
Hopefully Mitch McConnell will ask for a VOTE on Criminal Justice Reform. It is extremely popular and has strong bipartisan support. It will also help a lot of people, save taxpayer dollars, and keep our communities safe. Go for it Mitch!
Mike Pompeo is doing a great job, I am very proud of him. His predecessor, Rex Tillerson, didn’t have the mental capacity needed. He was dumb as a rock and I couldn’t get rid of him fast enough. He was lazy as hell. Now it is a whole new ballgame, great spirit at State!
... and one of the most highly respected lawyers and legal minds in the Country, he will be a great addition to our team. I look forward to having him join our very successful Administration!
I am pleased to announce that I will be nominating The Honorable William P. Barr for the position of Attorney General of the United States. As the former AG for George H. W. Bush...
I am pleased to announce that Heather Nauert, Spokeswoman for the United States Department of State, will be nominated to serve as United Nations Ambassador. I want to congratulate Heather, and thank Ambassador Nikki Haley for her great service to our Country!
We will be doing a major Counter Report to the Mueller Report. This should never again be allowed to happen to a future President of the United States!
Today, we honor those who perished 77 years ago at Pearl Harbor, and we salute every veteran who served in World War II over the 4 years that followed that horrific attack. God Bless America!
It has been incorrectly reported that Rudy Giuliani and others will not be doing a counter to the Mueller Report. That is Fake News. Already 87 pages done, but obviously cannot complete until we see the final Witch Hunt Report.
China talks are going very well!
... the lying and leaking by the people doing the Report, & also Bruce Ohr ( and his lovely wife Molly ), Comey, Brennan, Clapper, & all of the many fired people of the FBI, be listed in the Report? Will the corruption within the DNC & Clinton Campaign be exposed?.. And so much more!
... Foundation be listed at the top of the Report? Will the scathing document written about Lyin ’ James Comey, by the man in charge of the case, Rod Rosenstein ( who also signed the FISA Warrant ), be a big part of the Report? Isn’t Rod therefore totally conflicted? Will all of...
... overturned, 9-0, in the United States Supreme Court. Doing same thing to people now. Will all of the substantial & many contributions made by the 17 Angry Democrats to the Campaign of Crooked Hillary be listed in top of Report. Will the people that worked for the Clinton...
... Will Robert Mueller’s big time conflicts of interest be listed at the top of his Republicans only Report. Will Andrew Weissman’s horrible and vicious prosecutorial past be listed in the Report. He wrongly destroyed people’s lives, took down great companies, only to be...
Robert Mueller and Leakin ’ Lyin ’ James Comey are Best Friends, just one of many Mueller Conflicts of Interest. And bye the way, wasn’t the woman in charge of prosecuting Jerome Corsi ( who I do not know ) in charge of “legal” at the corrupt Clinton Foundation? A total Witch Hunt...
Arizona, together with our Military and Border Patrol, is bracing for a massive surge at a NON-WALLED area. WE WILL NOT LET THEM THROUGH. Big danger. Nancy and Chuck must approve Boarder Security and the Wall!
FAKE NEWS - THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Trish_Regan: “Did the FBI follow protocol to obtain the FISA warrant? I don’t think so. The Dossier was opposition research funded by opponents. Don’t use Government resources to take down political foes. Weaponizing Government for gain.” Is this really America? Witch Hunt!
Jerome Corsi: ” This is not justice, this is not America. This is a political prosecution. The Special Prosecutor ( Counsel ), to get this plea deal, demanded I lie and violate the law. They’re the criminals. ” He is not alone. 17 Angry Dems. People forced to lie. Sad!
Statement from China: “The teams of both sides are now having smooth communications and good cooperation with each other. We are full of confidence that an agreement can be reached within the next 90 days.” I agree!
Does the Fake News Media ever mention the fact that Republicans, with the very important help of my campaign Rallies, WON THE UNITED STATES SENATE, 53 to 47? All I hear is that the Open Border Dems won the House. Senate alone approves judges & others. Big Republican Win!
My thoughts and prayers are with the crew members who were involved in a mid-air collision off the coast of Japan. Thank you to for their immediate response and rescue efforts. Whatever you need, we are here for you.
Without the phony Russia Witch Hunt, and with all that we have accomplished in the last almost two years ( Tax & Regulation Cuts, Judge’s, Military, Vets, etc. ) my approval rating would be at 75 % rather than the 50 % just reported by Rasmussen. It’s called Presidential Harassment!
Working hard, thank you!
Doug Wead, a truly great presidential historian, had a wonderful take on a very beautiful moment in history, the funeral service today of President Bush. Doug was able to brilliantly cover some very important and interesting periods of time!
Hopefully OPEC will be keeping oil flows as is, not restricted. The World does not want to see, or need, higher oil prices!
Looking forward to being with the Bush family. This is not a funeral, this is a day of celebration for a great man who has led a long and distinguished life. He will be missed!
... considered to be the worst and most dangerous, addictive and deadly substance of them all. Last year over 77,000 people died from Fentanyl. If China cracks down on this “horror drug,” using the Death Penalty for distributors and pushers, the results will be incredible!
One of the very exciting things to come out of my meeting with President Xi of China is his promise to me to criminalize the sale of deadly Fentanyl coming into the United States. It will now be considered a “controlled substance.” This could be a game changer on what is...
Very strong signals being sent by China once they returned home from their long trip, including stops, from Argentina. Not to sound naive or anything, but I believe President Xi meant every word of what he said at our long and hopefully historic meeting. ALL subjects discussed!
... China had agreed to start “immediately ” buying U. S. products.”
“ China officially echoed President Donald Trump’s optimism over bilateral trade talks. Chinese officials have begun preparing to restart imports of U. S. Soybeans & Liquified Natural Gas, the first sign confirming the claims of President Donald Trump and the White House that...
... China does not want Tariffs!
We are either going to have a REAL DEAL with China, or no deal at all - at which point we will be charging major Tariffs against Chinese product being shipped into the United States. Ultimately, I believe, we will be making a deal - either now or into the future...
... in the world. I want clean air and clean water and have been making great strides in improving America’s environment. But American taxpayers – and American workers – shouldn’t pay to clean up others countries’ pollution.
I am glad that my friend and the protestors in Paris have agreed with the conclusion I reached two years ago. The Paris Agreement is fatally flawed because it raises the price of energy for responsible countries while whitewashing some of the worst polluters...
Could somebody please explain to the Democrats ( we need their votes ) that our Country losses 250 Billion Dollars a year on illegal immigration, not including the terrible drug flow. Top Border Security, including a Wall, is $ 25 Billion. Pays for itself in two months. Get it done!
... But if a fair deal is able to be made with China, one that does all of the many things we know must be finally done, I will happily sign. Let the negotiations begin. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
... I am a Tariff Man. When people or countries come in to raid the great wealth of our Nation, I want them to pay for the privilege of doing so. It will always be the best way to max out our economic power. We are right now taking in $ billions in Tariffs. MAKE AMERICA RICH AGAIN
... on seeing whether or not a REAL deal with China is actually possible. If it is, we will get it done. China is supposed to start buying Agricultural product and more immediately. President Xi and I want this deal to happen, and it probably will. But if not remember,...
The negotiations with China have already started. Unless extended, they will end 90 days from the date of our wonderful and very warm dinner with President Xi in Argentina. Bob Lighthizer will be working closely with Steve Mnuchin, Larry Kudlow, Wilbur Ross and Peter Navarro...
Looking forward to being with the wonderful Bush family at Blair House today. The former First Lady will be coming over to the White House this morning to be given a tour of the Christmas decorations by Melania. The elegance & precision of the last two days have been remarkable!
#Remembering41
Congratulations to newly inaugurated Mexican President. He had a tremendous political victory with the great support of the Mexican People. We will work well together for many years to come!
Looking forward to being with the Bush Family to pay my respects to President George H. W. Bush.
Bob Mueller ( who is a much different man than people think ) and his out of control band of Angry Democrats, don’t want the truth, they only want lies. The truth is very bad for their mission!
“I will never testify against Trump. ” This statement was recently made by Roger Stone, essentially stating that he will not be forced by a rogue and out of control prosecutor to make up lies and stories about “ President Trump. ” Nice to know that some people still have “ guts!”
... his wife and father-in-law ( who has the money? ) off Scott Free. He lied for this outcome and should, in my opinion, serve a full and complete sentence.
“Michael Cohen asks judge for no Prison Time.” You mean he can do all of the TERRIBLE, unrelated to Trump, things having to do with fraud, big loans, Taxis, etc., and not serve a long prison term? He makes up stories to get a GREAT & ALREADY reduced deal for himself, and get...
We would save Billions of Dollars if the Democrats would give us the votes to build the Wall. Either way, people will NOT be allowed into our Country illegally! We will close the entire Southern Border if necessary. Also, STOP THE DRUGS!
I am certain that, at some time in the future, President Xi and I, together with President Putin of Russia, will start talking about a meaningful halt to what has become a major and uncontrollable Arms Race. The U. S. spent 716 Billion Dollars this year. Crazy!
President Xi and I have a very strong and personal relationship. He and I are the only two people that can bring about massive and very positive change, on trade and far beyond, between our two great Nations. A solution for North Korea is a great thing for China and ALL!
Farmers will be a a very BIG and FAST beneficiary of our deal with China. They intend to start purchasing agricultural product immediately. We make the finest and cleanest product in the World, and that is what China wants. Farmers, I LOVE YOU!
My meeting in Argentina with President Xi of China was an extraordinary one. Relations with China have taken a BIG leap forward! Very good things will happen. We are dealing from great strength, but China likewise has much to gain if and when a deal is completed. Level the field!
China has agreed to reduce and remove tariffs on cars coming into China from the U. S. Currently the tariff is 40 %.
This week, Jews around the world will celebrate the miracles of Hanukkah. Melania and I send our very best wishes for a blessed and Happy Hanukkah!
... However, out of respect for the Bush Family and former President George H. W. Bush we will wait until after the funeral to have a press conference.
I was very much looking forward to having a press conference just prior to leaving Argentina because we have had such great success in our dealing with various countries and their leaders at the G20...
President George H. W. Bush led a long, successful and beautiful life. Whenever I was with him I saw his absolute joy for life and true pride in his family. His accomplishments were great from beginning to end. He was a truly wonderful man and will be missed by all!
Statement from President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump on the Passing of Former President George H. W. Bush
Watch on NOW. Enjoy!
Great day at the #G20Summit in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Thank you!
Great reviews on the USMCA - sooo much better than NAFTA!
To the Great people of Alaska. You have been hit hard by a “big one.” Please follow the directions of the highly trained professionals who are there to help you. Your Federal Government will spare no expense. God Bless you ALL!
Just signed one of the most important, and largest, Trade Deals in U. S. and World History. The United States, Mexico and Canada worked so well together in crafting this great document. The terrible NAFTA will soon be gone. The USMCA will be fantastic for all!
#USMCA 🇺 🇸 🇲 🇽 🇨 🇦
... Lightly looked at doing a building somewhere in Russia. Put up zero money, zero guarantees and didn’t do the project. Witch Hunt!
Oh, I get it! I am a very good developer, happily living my life, when I see our Country going in the wrong direction ( to put it mildly ). Against all odds, I decide to run for President & continue to run my business-very legal & very cool, talked about it on the campaign trail...
Arrived in Argentina with a very busy two days planned. Important meetings scheduled throughout. Our great Country is extremely well represented. Will be very productive!
Alan Dershowitz: “These are not crimes. He ( Mueller ) has no authority to be a roving Commissioner. I don’t see any evidence of crimes.” This is an illegal Hoax that should be ended immediately. Mueller refuses to look at the real crimes on the other side. Where is the IG REPORT?
“This demonstrates the Robert Mueller and his partisans have no evidence, not a whiff of collusion, between Trump and the Russians. Russian project legal. Trump Tower meeting ( son Don ), perfectly legal. He wasn’t involved with hacking.” Gregg Jarrett. A total Witch Hunt!
Just landed in Argentina with Melania! #G20Summit
As RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel oversaw history defying gains in the Senate and unprecedented fundraising strength. I have asked her to serve another term for my 2020 re-elect, because there is no one better for the job!
We have been working hard on this - and it’s only going to get better!
With all of the new books coming out you can't forget two of the great originals written by and Pirro. Their books both went to # 1. Go get them now, the phony Witch Hunt is well explained!
.’s new book, " Spygate: The Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump, " is terrific. He's tough, he's smart, and he really gets it. His book is on sale now, I highly recommend!
... They have really done a great job in capturing my long-held views and ideas. This book is on sale now - a terrific read of a really interesting subject!
. and Arthur Laffer, two very talented men, have just completed an incredible book on my Economic Policies or, as they call it, #TRUMPONOMICS...
. has written an absolutely fascinating book ( BACK IN THE GAME ) on the world of D. C. politics, and more. He has experienced so much, in a short period of time. Few people have had his bravery or courage, and he has come all the way back. A big power and great person!
... in Argentina with President Vladimir Putin. I look forward to a meaningful Summit again as soon as this situation is resolved!
Based on the fact that the ships and sailors have not been returned to Ukraine from Russia, I have decided it would be best for all parties concerned to cancel my previously scheduled meeting...
Billions of Dollars are pouring into the coffers of the U. S. A. because of the Tariffs being charged to China, and there is a long way to go. If companies don’t want to pay Tariffs, build in the U. S. A. Otherwise, lets just make our Country richer than ever before!
When will this illegal Joseph McCarthy style Witch Hunt, one that has shattered so many innocent lives, ever end-or will it just go on forever? After wasting more than $ 40,000, 000 ( is that possible? ), it has proven only one thing-there was NO Collusion with Russia. So Ridiculous!
Did you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime? At the same time Mueller and the Angry Democrats aren’t even looking at the atrocious, and perhaps subversive, crimes that were committed by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. A total disgrace!
General Motors is very counter to what other auto, and other, companies are doing. Big Steel is opening and renovating plants all over the country. Auto companies are pouring into the U. S., including BMW, which just announced a major new plant. The U. S. A. is booming!
So much happening with the now discredited Witch Hunt. This total Hoax will be studied for years!
Sebastian Gorka, a very talented man who I got to know well while he was working at the White House, has just written an excellent book, “Why We Fight.” Much will be learned from this very good read!
On behalf of Melania and the entire Trump family, I want to wish you all a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! May this Christmas Season bring peace to your hearts, warmth to your homes, cheer to your spirits and JOY TO THE WORLD! #NCTL2018 🎄
Steel Dynamics announced that it will build a brand new 3 million ton steel mill in the Southwest that will create 600 good-paying U. S. JOBS. Steel JOBS are coming back to America, just like I predicted. Congratulations to Steel Dynamics!
... and G. M. would not be closing their plants in Ohio, Michigan & Maryland. Get smart Congress. Also, the countries that send us cars have taken advantage of the U. S. for decades. The President has great power on this issue - Because of the G. M. event, it is being studied now!
The reason that the small truck business in the U. S. is such a go to favorite is that, for many years, Tariffs of 25 % have been put on small trucks coming into our country. It is called the “chicken tax.” If we did that with cars coming in, many more cars would be built here...
While the disgusting Fake News is doing everything within their power not to report it that way, at least 3 major players are intimating that the Angry Mueller Gang of Dems is viciously telling witnesses to lie about facts & they will get relief. This is our Joseph McCarthy Era!
Congratulations to Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith on your big WIN in the Great State of Mississippi. We are all very proud of you!
Brenda Snipes, in charge of voting in Broward County, Florida, was just spotted wearing a beautiful dress with 300 I VOTED signs on it. Just kidding, she is a fine, very honorable and highly respected voting tactician!
The Mueller Witch Hunt is a total disgrace. They are looking at supposedly stolen Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails ( even though they don’t want to look at the DNC Server ), but have no interest in the Emails that Hillary DELETED & acid washed AFTER getting a Congressional Subpoena!
Very disappointed with General Motors and their CEO, Mary Barra, for closing plants in Ohio, Michigan and Maryland. Nothing being closed in Mexico & China. The U. S. saved General Motors, and this is the THANKS we get! We are now looking at cutting all subsidies, including...
... for electric cars. General Motors made a big China bet years ago when they built plants there ( and in Mexico ) - don’t think that bet is going to pay off. I am here to protect America’s Workers!
Polls are open in Mississippi. We need Cindy Hyde-Smith in Washington. GO OUT AND VOTE. Thanks!
... terrible Gang of Angry Democrats. Look at their past, and look where they come from. The now $ 30,000, 000 Witch Hunt continues and they’ve got nothing but ruined lives. Where is the Server? Let these terrible people go back to the Clinton Foundation and “Justice” Department!
... The Fake News Media builds Bob Mueller up as a Saint, when in actuality he is the exact opposite. He is doing TREMENDOUS damage to our Criminal Justice System, where he is only looking at one side and not the other. Heroes will come of this, and it won’t be Mueller and his...
The Phony Witch Hunt continues, but Mueller and his gang of Angry Dems are only looking at one side, not the other. Wait until it comes out how horribly & viciously they are treating people, ruining lives for them refusing to lie. Mueller is a conflicted prosecutor gone rogue...
... starts today, election is on December 4th. is tough on Crime and Borders, Loves our Military and Vets. He will be great for jobs!
Brad Raffensperger will be a fantastic Secretary of State for Georgia - will work closely with. It is really important that you get out and vote for Brad - early voting...
While CNN doesn’t do great in the United States based on ratings, outside of the U. S. they have very little competition. Throughout the world, CNN has a powerful voice portraying the United States in an unfair...
... and false way. Something has to be done, including the possibility of the United States starting our own Worldwide Network to show the World the way we really are, GREAT!
On the ten-year anniversary of the Mumbai terror attack, the U. S. stands with the people of India in their quest for justice. The attack killed 166 innocents, including six Americans. We will never let terrorists win, or even come close to winning!
... hundreds of people closely involved with my campaign who never met, saw or spoke to a Russian during this period? So many campaign workers, people inside from the beginning, ask me why they have not been called ( they want to be ). There was NO Collusion & Mueller knows it!
When Mueller does his final report, will he be covering all of his conflicts of interest in a preamble, will he be recommending action on all of the crimes of many kinds from those “on the other side” ( whatever happened to Podesta? ), and will he be putting in statements from...
Mexico should move the flag waving Migrants, many of whom are stone cold criminals, back to their countries. Do it by plane, do it by bus, do it anyway you want, but they are NOT coming into the U. S. A. We will close the Border permanently if need be. Congress, fund the WALL!
... children from parents, as did Bush etc., because that is the policy and law. I tried to keep them together but the problem is, when you do that, vast numbers of additional people storm the Border. So with Obama seperation is fine, but with Trump it’s not. Fake 60 Minutes!
. did a phony story about child separation when they know we had the exact same policy as the Obama Administration. In fact a picture of children in jails was used by other Fake Media to show how bad ( cruel ) we are, but it was in 2014 during O years. Obama separated...
Clinton Foundation donations drop 42 % - which shows that they illegally played the power game. They monetized their political influence through the Foundation. “During her tenure the State Department was put in the service of the Clinton Foundation.” Andrew McCarthy
Europe has to pay their fair share for Military Protection. The European Union, for many years, has taken advantage of us on Trade, and then they don’t live up to their Military commitment through NATO. Things must change fast!
General Anthony Tata: “President Trump is a man of his word & he said he was going to be tough on the Border, and he is tough on the Border. He has rightfully strengthened the Border in the face of an unprecedented threat. It’s the right move by President Trump.” Thanks General!
Mississippi, Vote for on Tuesday. Respected by all. We need her in Washington!. Thanks!
So great that oil prices are falling ( thank you President T ). Add that, which is like a big Tax Cut, to our other good Economic news. Inflation down ( are you listening Fed )!
Would be very SMART if Mexico would stop the Caravans long before they get to our Southern Border, or if originating countries would not let them form ( it is a way they get certain people out of their country and dump in U. S. No longer ). Dems created this problem. No crossings!
The large and violent French protests don’t take into account how badly the United States has been treated on Trade by the European Union or on fair and reasonable payments for our GREAT military protection. Both of these topics must be remedied soon.
I will be in Gulfport and Tupelo, Mississippi, on Monday night doing two Rallies for Senator Hyde-Smith, who has a very important Election on Tuesday. She is an outstanding person who is strong on the Border, Crime, Military, our great Vets, Healthcare & the 2nd A. Needed in D. C.
Victor Davis Hanson was a very good and interesting guest of Mark Levin on. He wrote a highly touted book called “The Second World Wars ” and a new book will soon be coming out called “ The Case For Trump.” Recommend both.
... All will stay in Mexico. If for any reason it becomes necessary, we will CLOSE our Southern Border. There is no way that the United States will, after decades of abuse, put up with this costly and dangerous situation anymore!
Migrants at the Southern Border will not be allowed into the United States until their claims are individually approved in court. We only will allow those who come into our Country legally. Other than that our very strong policy is Catch and Detain. No “Releasing” into the U. S...
I am extremely happy and proud of the job being done by Secretary. The FAKE NEWS likes to write stories to the contrary, quoting phony sources or jealous people, but they aren’t true. They never like to ask me for a quote b / c it would kill their story.
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. Mitch McConnell and have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already passed, with big vote, in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. Mitch McConnell and have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already past, with big vote, in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
Republicans and Democrats MUST come together, finally, with a major Border Security package, which will include funding for the Wall. After 40 years of talk, it is finally time for action. Fix the Border, for once and for all, NOW!
Our highly trained security professionals are not allowed to do their job on the Border because of the Judicial Activism and Interference by the 9th Circuit. Nevertheless, they are working hard to make America a safer place, though hard to do when anybody filing a lawsuit wins!
This is the coldest weather in the history of the Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC, and one of the coldest Thanksgivings on record!

Will be speaking with our great military in different parts of the world, through teleconference, at 9:00 A. M. Eastern. Then it will be off to see our Coast Guard patriots & to thank them for the great job they have been doing, especially with the hurricanes. Happy Thanksgiving!
... and Safety at the Border, or anywhere else. They know nothing about it and are making our Country unsafe. Our great Law Enforcement professionals MUST BE ALLOWED TO DO THEIR JOB! If not there will be only bedlam, chaos, injury and death. We want the Constitution as written!
Justice Roberts can say what he wants, but the 9th Circuit is a complete & total disaster. It is out of control, has a horrible reputation, is overturned more than any Circuit in the Country, 79 %, & is used to get an almost guaranteed result. Judges must not Legislate Security...
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL!
“It’s a mean & nasty world out there, the Middle East in particular. This is a long and historic commitment, & one that is absolutely vital to America’s national security.” I agree 100 %. In addition, many Billions of Dollars of purchases made in U. S., big Jobs & Oil!
You just can’t win with the Fake News Media. A big story today is that because I have pushed so hard and gotten Gasoline Prices so low, more people are driving and I have caused traffic jams throughout our Great Nation. Sorry everyone!
Brutal and Extended Cold Blast could shatter ALL RECORDS - Whatever happened to Global Warming?
“79 % of these decisions have been overturned in the 9th Circuit.” A terrible, costly and dangerous disgrace. It has become a dumping ground for certain lawyers looking for easy wins and delays. Much talk over dividing up the 9th Circuit into 2 or 3 Circuits. Too big!
There are a lot of CRIMINALS in the Caravan. We will stop them. Catch and Detain! Judicial Activism, by people who know nothing about security and the safety of our citizens, is putting our country in great danger. Not good!
“Thank you to President Trump on the Border. No American President has ever done this before.” Hector Garza, National Border Patrol Council
... are so many opposing view ( on Border and Safety ) cases filed there, and why are a vast number of those cases overturned. Please study the numbers, they are shocking. We need protection and security - these rulings are making our country unsafe! Very dangerous and unwise!
Sorry Chief Justice John Roberts, but you do indeed have “Obama judges, ” and they have a much different point of view than the people who are charged with the safety of our country. It would be great if the 9th Circuit was indeed an “ independent judiciary,” but if it is why...
Great new book out, “Mad Politics: Keeping Your Sanity in a World Gone Crazy” by Loudon. Go out and get your copy today — a great read!
“‘ Trump Imitation Syndrome ’ is afflicting the president’s liberal enemies” Thank you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Oil prices getting lower. Great! Like a big Tax Cut for America and the World. Enjoy! $ 54, was just $ 82. Thank you to Saudi Arabia, but let’s go lower!
AMERICA FIRST!
So-called comedian Michelle Wolf bombed so badly last year at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner that this year, for the first time in decades, they will have an author instead of a comedian. Good first step in comeback of a dying evening and tradition! Maybe I will go?
I hope the discovery and eventual recovery of the Argentine submarine San Juan brings needed closure to the wonderful families of those brave missing sailors. I look forward to hearing more from my friend President in Argentina later this month.
The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence. This is what it really looks like - no climbers anymore under our Administration!
... We no longer pay Pakistan the $ Billions because they would take our money and do nothing for us, Bin Laden being a prime example, Afghanistan being another. They were just one of many countries that take from the United States without giving anything in return. That’s ENDING!
Of course we should have captured Osama Bin Laden long before we did. I pointed him out in my book just BEFORE the attack on the World Trade Center. President Clinton famously missed his shot. We paid Pakistan Billions of Dollars & they never told us he was living there. Fools!..
. loves Mississippi and our Great U. S. A.
From day one Rick Scott never wavered. He was a great Governor and will be even a greater Senator in representing the People of Florida. Congratulations to Rick on having waged such a courageous and successful campaign!
Catch and Release is an obsolete term. It is now Catch and Detain. Illegal Immigrants trying to come into the U. S. A., often proudly flying the flag of their nation as they ask for U. S. Asylum, will be detained or turned away. Dems must approve Border Security & Wall NOW!
The Mayor of Tijuana, Mexico, just stated that “the City is ill-prepared to handle this many migrants, the backlog could last 6 months.” Likewise, the U. S. is ill-prepared for this invasion, and will not stand for it. They are causing crime and big problems in Mexico. Go home!
So funny to see little Adam Schitt ( D-CA ) talking about the fact that Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker was not approved by the Senate, but not mentioning the fact that Bob Mueller ( who is highly conflicted ) was not approved by the Senate!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on at 2:00 P. M. and 7:00 P. M. Enjoy!
Incredible to be with our GREAT HEROES today in California. We will always be with you!
Heading to California with Kevin McCarthy, , and. Look forward to being with our brave Firefighters, First Responders and, along with the many brave People of California. We are with you all the way – God Bless you all!
... I can’t imagine any President having a better or closer relationship with their Vice President then the two of us. Just more FAKE NEWS, the Enemy of the People!
The New York Times did a phony story, as usual, about my relationship with Mike Pence. They made up sources and refused to ask me, the only one that would know, for a quote...
Congratulations to Andrew Gillum on having run a really tough and competitive race for Governor of the Great State of Florida. He will be a strong Democrat warrior long into the future - a force to reckon with!
I can get Nancy Pelosi as many votes as she wants in order for her to be Speaker of the House. She deserves this victory, she has earned it - but there are those in her party who are trying to take it away. She will win!
Thank you. Look forward to joining you and tomorrow in California. We are with you!
... their country’s flag. Can this be possible? Yes, because it is all a BIG CON, and the American taxpayer is paying for it!
Isn’t it ironic that large Caravans of people are marching to our border wanting U. S. A. asylum because they are fearful of being in their country - yet they are proudly waving...
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on becoming the new Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams fought brilliantly and hard - she will have a terrific political future! Brian was unrelenting and will become a great Governor for the truly Wonderful People of Georgia!
Congratulations to Ron DeSantis on becoming the new Governor of Florida. Against all odds, he fought & fought & fought, the result being a historic victory. He never gave up and never will. He will be a great Governor!
PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U. S. Senate, and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House, where the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.
Today in the East Room of the, it was my true privilege to award seven extraordinary Americans with the Presidential Medal of Freedom...
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U. S. Senate, and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House, were the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.
It is our sacred duty to support America’s Service Members every single day they wear the uniform – and every day after when they return home as Veterans. Together we will HONOR those who defend us, we will CHERISH those who protect us, and we will celebrate the amazing heroes...
Last year, I signed the landmark VA Accountability Act to ensure those who mistreat our Veterans can be held fully accountable. Since my inauguration, we have removed more than 3,600 government employees who were not giving our Vets the care they deserve...
It was my great honor to host a Conference on Supporting Veterans & Military Families... To everyone here today who has served our Country in uniform, & to every Veteran & Military family across our land, I want to express the eternal gratitude of our entire Nation!
The only “Collusion” is that of the Democrats with Russia and many others. Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC? They still don’t have it. Check out how biased Facebook, Google and Twitter are in favor of the Democrats. That’s the real Collusion!
Universities will someday study what highly conflicted ( and NOT Senate approved ) Bob Mueller and his gang of Democrat thugs have done to destroy people. Why is he protecting Crooked Hillary, Comey, McCabe, Lisa Page & her lover, Peter S, and all of his friends on the other side?
... care how many lives the ruin. These are Angry People, including the highly conflicted Bob Mueller, who worked for Obama for 8 years. They won’t even look at all of the bad acts and crimes on the other side. A TOTAL WITCH HUNT LIKE NO OTHER IN AMERICAN HISTORY!
The inner workings of the Mueller investigation are a total mess. They have found no collusion and have gone absolutely nuts. They are screaming and shouting at people, horribly threatening them to come up with the answers they want. They are a disgrace to our Nation and don’t...
The White House is running very smoothly and the results for our Nation are obviously very good. We are the envy of the world. But anytime I even think about making changes, the FAKE NEWS MEDIA goes crazy, always seeking to make us look as bad as possible! Very dishonest!
Our pledge to hire American includes those leaving prison and looking for a very fresh start — new job, and new life. The legislation I am supporting today contains many significant reforms. Read more here:
I am grateful to be here today w / Members of the House & Senate who have poured their time, heart and energy into the crucial issue of Prison Reform. Working together w / my Admin over the last two years, these members have reached a bipartisan agreement...
Just spoke to Governor Jerry Brown to let him know that we are with him, and the people of California, all the way!
Was just briefed by and, who are in California. Thank you to the great Firefighters, First Responders and for the incredible job they are doing w / the California Wildfires. Our Nation appreciates your heroism, courage & genius. God Bless you all!
Not seen in many years, America’s steelworkers get a hard-earned raise because of my Administration’s policies to help bring back the U. S. steel industry, which is critical to our National Security. I will always protect America and its workers!
“Boom: Record high business optimism, need for employees at 45 - year high”
It was my great honor to host a celebration of Diwali, the Hindu Festival of Lights, in the Roosevelt Room at the this afternoon. Very, very special people!
Today, we gathered for Diwali, a holiday observed by Buddhists, Sikhs, and Jains throughout the United States & around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family & friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year.
Today, we gathered for Diwali, a holiday observed by Buddhists, Sikhs, and Jains throughout the United States & around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family & friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year.
The story in the New York Times concerning North Korea developing missile bases is inaccurate. We fully know about the sites being discussed, nothing new - and nothing happening out of the normal. Just more Fake News. I will be the first to let you know if things go bad!
When will Bill Nelson concede in Florida? The characters running Broward and Palm Beach voting will not be able to “find” enough votes, too much spotlight on them now!
By the way, when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility, I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO, too far from airport & big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetery in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!
By the way, when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility, I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO, too far from airport & big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetary in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!
... MAKE FRANCE GREAT AGAIN!
The problem is that Emmanuel suffers from a very low Approval Rating in France, 26 %, and an unemployment rate of almost 10 %. He was just trying to get onto another subject. By the way, there is no country more Nationalist than France, very proud people-and rightfully so!...
On Trade, France makes excellent wine, but so does the U. S. The problem is that France makes it very hard for the U. S. to sell its wines into France, and charges big Tariffs, whereas the U. S. makes it easy for French wines, and charges very small Tariffs. Not fair, must change!
Emmanuel Macron suggests building its own army to protect Europe against the U. S., China and Russia. But it was Germany in World Wars One & Two - How did that work out for France? They were starting to learn German in Paris before the U. S. came along. Pay for NATO or not!
I just approved an expedited request for a Major Disaster Declaration for the State of California. Wanted to respond quickly in order to alleviate some of the incredible suffering going on. I am with you all the way. God Bless all of the victims and families affected.
Hopefully, Saudi Arabia and OPEC will not be cutting oil production. Oil prices should be much lower based on supply!
American Cable Association has big problems with Comcast. They say that Comcast routinely violates Antitrust Laws. “These guys are acting much worse, and have much more potential for damage to consumers, than anything AT & T-Time Warner would do.” Charlie Gasparino
The California Fire Fighters, FEMA and First Responders are amazing and very brave. Thank you and God Bless you all!
The prospect of Presidential Harassment by the Dems is causing the Stock Market big headaches!
The Florida Election should be called in favor of Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis in that large numbers of new ballots showed up out of nowhere, and many ballots are missing or forged. An honest vote count is no longer possible-ballots massively infected. Must go with Election Night!
... of money spent on protecting other countries, and we get nothing but Trade Deficits and Losses. It is time that these very rich countries either pay the United States for its great military protection, or protect themselves... and Trade must be made FREE and FAIR!
... hundreds of billions of dollars, for the great privilege of losing hundreds of billions of dollars with these same countries on trade. I told them that this situation cannot continue - It is, and always has been, ridiculously unfair to the United States. Massive amounts...
Just returned from France where much was accomplished in my meetings with World Leaders. Never easy bringing up the fact that the U. S. must be treated fairly, which it hasn’t, on both Military and Trade. We pay for LARGE portions of other countries military protection,...
Exactly 100 years ago today, on November 11th, 1918, World War I came to an end. We are gathered together, at this hallowed resting place, to pay tribute to the brave Americans who gave their last breath in that mighty struggle...
Poland, a great country - Congratulations on the 100th Anniversary of your Independence. I will never forget my time there!
Beautiful ceremony today in Paris commemorating the end of World War One. Many World leaders in attendance. Thank you to, President of France! Now off to Suresnes American Cemetery to make speech in honor of our great heroes! Then back to the U. S. A.
On this Veterans Day — the 100th Anniversary of the end of WWI, we honor the brave HEROES who fought for America in the Great War, and every Veteran who has worn the uniform and kept our Nation Safe, Strong and FREE!
With proper Forest Management, we can stop the devastation constantly going on in California. Get Smart!
These California fires are expanding very, very quickly ( in some cases 80-100 acres a minute ). If people don’t evacuate quickly, they risk being overtaken by the fire. Please listen to evacuation orders from State and local officials!
More than 4,000 are fighting the Camp and Woolsey Fires in California that have burned over 170,000 acres. Our hearts are with those fighting the fires, the 52,000 who have evacuated, and the families of the 11 who have died. The destruction is catastrophic. God Bless them all.
Trying to STEAL two big elections in Florida! We are watching closely!
Had very productive meetings and calls for our Country today. Meeting tonight with World Leaders!
Happy 243rd Birthday to our GREAT U. S. Marine Corps 🇺 🇸
I am in Paris getting ready to celebrate the end of World War One. Is there anything better to celebrate than the end of a war, in particular that one, which was one of the bloodiest and worst of all time?
There is no reason for these massive, deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor. Billions of dollars are given each year, with so many lives lost, all because of gross mismanagement of the forests. Remedy now, or no more Fed payments!
... Mr. Whitaker is very highly thought of by, Senator, Ambassador, Leonard Leo of Federalist Society, and many more. I feel certain he will make an outstanding Acting Attorney General!
Matthew G. Whitaker is a highly respected former U. S. Attorney from Iowa. He was chosen by Jeff Sessions to be his Chief of Staff. I did not know Mr. Whitaker. Likewise, as Chief, I did not know Mr. Whitaker except primarily as he traveled with A. G. Sessions. No social contact...
President Macron of France has just suggested that Europe build its own military in order to protect itself from the U. S., China and Russia. Very insulting, but perhaps Europe should first pay its fair share of NATO, which the U. S. subsidizes greatly!
Just out — in Arizona, SIGNATURES DON ’ T MATCH. Electoral corruption - Call for a new Election? We must protect our Democracy!
Thank you for helping to expose the potential corruption going on with respect to Election Theft in Broward and Palm Beach Counties. The WORLD is now watching closely!
In the 2016 Election I was winning by so much in Florida that Broward County, which was very late with vote tabulation and probably getting ready to do a “number,” couldn’t do it because not enough people live in Broward for them to falsify a victory!
Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him “back into play.” Bill Nelson conceded Election - now he’s back in play!? This is an embarrassment to our Country and to Democracy!
Rick Scott was up by 50,000+ votes on Election Day, now they “found ” many votes and he is only up 15,000 votes. “ The Broward Effect.” How come they never find Republican votes?
Jeff Flake ( y ) doesn’t want to protect the Non-Senate confirmed Special Counsel, he wants to protect his future after being unelectable in Arizona for the “crime” of doing a terrible job! A weak and ineffective guy!
As soon as Democrats sent their best Election stealing lawyer, Marc Elias, to Broward County they miraculously started finding Democrat votes. Don’t worry, Florida - I am sending much better lawyers to expose the FRAUD!
You mean they are just now finding votes in Florida and Georgia – but the Election was on Tuesday? Let’s blame the Russians and demand an immediate apology from President Putin!
. ran a great race in Georgia – he won. It is time to move on!
“Presidential Proclamation Addressing Mass Migration Through the Southern Border of the United States”
Law Enforcement is looking into another big corruption scandal having to do with Election Fraud in #Broward and Palm Beach. Florida voted for Rick Scott!
... Great bravery shown by police. California Highway Patrol was on scene within 3 minutes, with first officer to enter shot numerous times. That Sheriff’s Sergeant died in the hospital. God bless all of the victims and families of the victims. Thank you to Law Enforcement.
I have been fully briefed on the terrible shooting in California. Law Enforcement and First Responders, together with the FBI, are on scene. 13 people, at this time, have been reported dead. Likewise, the shooter is dead, along with the first police officer to enter the bar...
... We thank Attorney General Jeff Sessions for his service, and wish him well! A permanent replacement will be nominated at a later date.
We are pleased to announce that Matthew G. Whitaker, Chief of Staff to Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the Department of Justice, will become our new Acting Attorney General of the United States. He will serve our Country well...
According to NBC News, Voters Nationwide Disapprove of the so-called Mueller Investigation ( 46 % ) more than they Approve ( 41 % ). You mean they are finally beginning to understand what a disgusting Witch Hunt, led by 17 Angry Democrats, is all about!
In all fairness, Nancy Pelosi deserves to be chosen Speaker of the House by the Democrats. If they give her a hard time, perhaps we will add some Republican votes. She has earned this great honor!
If the Democrats think they are going to waste Taxpayer Money investigating us at the House level, then we will likewise be forced to consider investigating them for all of the leaks of Classified Information, and much else, at the Senate level. Two can play that game!
To any of the pundits or talking heads that do not give us proper credit for this great Midterm Election, just remember two words - FAKE NEWS!
I will be doing a news conference at The White House - 11:30 A. M. Will be discussing our success in the Midterms!
Those that worked with me in this incredible Midterm Election, embracing certain policies and principles, did very well. Those that did not, say goodbye! Yesterday was such a very Big Win, and all under the pressure of a Nasty and Hostile Media!
Ron DeSantis showed great courage in his hard fought campaign to become the Governor of Florida. Congratulations to Ron and family!
Received so many Congratulations from so many on our Big Victory last night, including from foreign nations ( friends ) that were waiting me out, and hoping, on Trade Deals. Now we can all get back to work and get things done!
. “How do the Democrats respond to this? Think of how his position with Republicans improves-all the candidates who won tonight. They realize how important he is because of what he did in campaigning for them. They owe him their political career.” Thanks, I agree!
... unbelievably lucky to have him and I ’ m just awed at how well they’ve done. It’s all the Trump magic - Trump is the magic man. Incredible, he’s got the entire media against him, attacking him every day, and he pulls out these enormous wins. ” Ben Stein, “The Capitalist Code”
“ There’s only been 5 times in the last 105 years that an incumbent President has won seats in the Senate in the off year election. Mr. Trump has magic about him. This guy has magic coming out of his ears. He is an astonishing vote getter & campaigner. The Republicans are...
Tremendous success tonight. Thank you to all!
Congressman Randy Hultgren ( R ) of Illinois is doing a great job. Get out and Vote for Randy - Total Endorsement!
Florida, very important - get out and vote for Florida Congressional Candidate Michael Waltz ( R ). He has my Strong Endorsement!
Epstein all the way in Michigan House 11. She is a wonderful person and, at the same time, a real fighter. Has my Strong Endorsement!
Bob Hugin, successful all of his life, would be a Great Senator from New Jersey. He has my complete and total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Bob.
POLLING LOCATIONS:
Congressman Peter King of New York is a hardworking gem. Loves his Country and his State. Get out and VOTE for Peter!
There is a rumor, put out by the Democrats, that Josh Hawley of Missouri left the Arena last night early. It is Fake News. He met me at the plane when I arrived, spoke at the great Rally, & stayed to the very end. In fact, I said goodbye to him and left before he did. Deception!
A fantastic evening in Cape Girardeau, Missouri. Josh will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs, great on tax cuts, and tough on crime. He shares your values, and he will always support our Military, Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!!
A vote for Claire McCaskill is a vote for Schumer, Pelosi, Waters, and their socialist agenda. Claire voted IN FAVOR of deadly Sanctuary Cities - she would rather protect criminal aliens than American citizens, which is why she needs to be voted out of office. Vote!
A fantastic evening in Girardeau, Missouri. Josh will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs, great on tax cuts, and tough on crime. He shares your values, and he will always support our Military, Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!!
You have been loyal and faithful to your Country, and now you have a President that is loyal and faithful to you. Get out tomorrow, and
On my way, see you soon Cape Girardeau, Missouri! #MAGARally
Massive crowd inside and outside the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum in Fort Wayne, Indiana! Thank you for joining us tonight - and make sure you get out and tomorrow!
There is only one way to stop this Democrat-Led assault on our sovereignty – you have to VOTE Republican TOMORROW! Polling locations:
Thank you Indiana! A vote for Mike is a vote to keep your jobs going up, your wages going up, and your healthcare costs coming down. It’s a vote to keep your families safe & to keep criminals, traffickers & drug dealers OUT of our Country! Get out and for for Mike!
Just landed in Fort Wayne, Indiana for a #MAGARally at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum. See everyone soon!
Republicans have created the best economy in the HISTORY of our Country – and the hottest jobs market on planet earth. The Democrat Agenda is a Socialist Nightmare. The Republican Agenda is the AMERICAN DREAM!
Thank you Ohio! When you enter the voting booth tomorrow you will be making a simple choice. A vote for Republicans is a vote to continue our extraordinary prosperity. A vote for Dems is a vote to bring this Economic Boom crashing to a sudden, screeching halt. Vote!
Something’s happening America! Get out tomorrow and so together, we can KEEP MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
“Bill Nelson is kind of an empty figure in Washington. You never hear his name, he’s never in debates on key issues - he is just under the radar. ” Chris Wallace on In other words, Nelson is a “ stiff.”
Law Enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any ILLEGAL VOTING which may take place in Tuesday’s Election ( or Early Voting ). Anyone caught will be subject to the Maximum Criminal Penalties allowed by law. Thank you!
REMEMBER FLORIDA: I have been President of the United States for almost two years. During that time Senator Bill Nelson didn’t call me once. Rick Scott called constantly requesting dollars plus for Florida. Did a GREAT job on hurricanes. VOTE SCOTT!
So funny to see the CNN Fake Suppression Polls and false rhetoric. Watch for real results Tuesday. We are lucky CNN’s ratings are so low. Don’t fall for the Suppression Game. Go out & VOTE. Remember, we now have perhaps the greatest Economy ( JOBS ) in the history of our Country!
I need of #NY22 to be re-elected in order to get our big plans moving. Her opponent would be a disaster. Nobody works harder than Claudia, and she is a producer. I look forward to working together with her - she has my Strongest Endorsement! Vote Claudia!
No matter what she says, Senator Claire McCaskill will always vote against us and the Great State of Missouri! Vote for Josh Hawley - he will be a great Senator!
If did the same job with Florida that he has done in Tallahassee as Mayor, the State will be a crime ridden, overtaxed mess. will be a great Governor. VOTE!!!
. voted against Tax Cuts, great Healthcare, Supreme Court Justices and all of the many things the people of Michigan wanted and need. She is an automatic far left vote, controlled by her bosses. John James can be a truly great Senator!
Dana Rohrabacher has been a great Congressman for his District and for the people of Cal. He works hard and is respected by all - he produces! Dems are desperate to replace Dana by spending vast sums to elect a super liberal who is weak on Crime and bad for our Military & Vets!
John James, running as a Republican for the Senate from Michigan, is a spectacular young star of the future. We should make him a star of the present. A distinguished West Point Grad and Vet, people should Vote Out Schumer Puppet Debbie Stabenow, who does nothing for Michigan!
In just 2 days, the people of Tennessee are going to elect Blackburn to the United States Senate to protect your jobs, defend your borders, and CONTINUE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Marsha!
Thank you for joining us tonight in Tennessee,. GOD BLESS THE U. S. A.!
Great to be back in Tennessee. On our way to the McKenzie Arena in Chattanooga for a huge #MAGARally - see everyone soon!
Thank you Macon, Georgia! Get out on Tuesday, November 6th and VOTE for as your next Governor to protect your jobs, defend your borders, fight for your values, and continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Macon, Georgia where the crowds are massive, for a 4pmE #MAGARally. Will be in Chattanooga, Tennessee tonight, seen below, for a 7pmE rally. Something’s happening! Everyone needs to get out and VOTE!
WOW - Departing the White House shortly. See you soon Georgia! #MAGA
New Fox Poll shows a “40 % Approval Rating by African Americans for President Trump, a record for Republicans.” Thank you, a great honor!
Unbelievable crowd in Florida tonight. Get out and VOTE! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
If you want to protect criminal aliens – VOTE DEMOCRAT. If you want to protect Law-Abiding Americans – VOTE REPUBLICAN!
. is a great guy and a team player. He will represent his District, State and Country at the highest level. Danny is strong on Military, our Vets, Second Amendment and all of the things that we so strongly stand for. Vote for Danny - he has my Strong Endorsement!
Another fantastic #MAGARally tonight in the Great State of Florida. In just 3 days, the People of Florida are going to elect and to protect your jobs, defend your BORDERS, and CONTINUE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Heading to Pensacola, Florida - will be there soon. Amazing lines of people wanting to get in - what a crowd! Is this a sign of Republican Strength on Tuesday?
Governor of Arizona is doing a great job. Doug is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military & our Vets. Vote for Doug, he has my full and Complete Endorsement!
... Lake Okeechobee and all of the hurricane money were a passion for Rick Scott, who called endlessly on behalf of the People of Florida. Vote!
In all the time I’ve been President, almost two years, never once did Senator Bill Nelson call me to ask for help for the Great State of Florida. I never see him until election time...
Rumor has it that Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana is paying for Facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the libertarian ticket. Donnelly is trying to steal the election? Isn’t that what Russia did!?
Arizona is such a Great State but it needs Border Security which will provide, and Krysten Sinema doesn’t even think about. If it were up to Sinema - drugs, crime and illegal traffic will be flowing into Arizona at an ever increasing pace. Vote for Martha!
If Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi gain the majority, they will try to raise your taxes, restore job-killing regulations, shut down your coal mines and timber mills, take away your healthcare, impose socialism, and ERASE your borders. VOTE for and!
Landing in Montana now - at least everybody admits that my lines and crowds are far bigger than Barack Obama’s...
New York, get out and VOTE for, a great and hardworking Congressman. We need John’s voice in D. C. His opponent just moved to the area - is Pro-Iran and Anti-Israel. Vote for John. Has my Strong Endorsement!
Get out and VOTE for!
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanaugh has just admitted that she was lying, her story was totally made up, or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didn’t become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?
Thank you to and for your nice, and very wise, statements on the Economy. You both really get it!
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanough has just admitted that she was lying, her story was totally made up, or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didn’t become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?
Heading to Montana and Florida today! Everyone is excited about the Jobs Numbers - 250,000 new jobs in October. Also, wages rising. Wow!
Indiana Rally, and Coach Bobby Knight, were incredible last night. Packed House in Honor of Mike Braun for Senate. Mike will be a GREAT Senator. Don’t forget to VOTE!
Congresswoman Maxine Waters was called the most Corrupt Member of Congress! If Dems win, she would be put in charge of our Country’s finances. The beginning of the end!
Scott Perry of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Total Endorsement!
Massive #MAGARally 🇺 🇸 tonight in Indiana, thank you. Everyone get out and
Republicans believe our Country should be a Sanctuary for law-abiding Americans – not criminal aliens. And Republicans will ALWAYS stand with the HEROES of, , and Law Enforcement!
In just 4 days, the people of Indiana are going to send Mike to the United States Senate, so we can keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Get out and VOTE!!
I need the people of West Virginia to send a message to Chuck Schumer, Maxine Waters, Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Democrats by voting for Carol Miller and Patrick Morrisey!
Just landed - will see everyone in Southport, Indiana shortly! #MAGARally 🇺 🇸
THANK YOU WEST VIRGINIA!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA
Fantastic #MAGARally 🇺 🇸 in West Virginia, thank you. Everyone get out and VOTE for Patrick and!

Will be going to West Virginia and Indiana today, TWO RALLIES! Don’t tell anyone ( big secret ), but I will be bringing Coach Bobby Knight to Indiana. He’s been a supporter right from the beginning of the Greatest Political Movement in American History!
Wow! The U. S. added 250,000 Jobs in October - and this was despite the hurricanes. Unemployment at 3.7 %. Wages UP! These are incredible numbers. Keep it going, Vote Republican!
I love you Missouri! Under Republican leadership, America is BOOMING, America is THRIVING, and America is WINNING - because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST. Get out and VOTE Josh for the United States Senate! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
Beautiful evening at a #MAGARally with great American Patriots. Loyal citizens like you helped build this Country and together, we are taking back this Country – returning power to YOU, the AMERICAN PEOPLE. Get out and
Together, we are Making America Safe and Great Again!
On my way to Columbia, Missouri for a #MAGARally. Look forward to seeing everyone soon!
Illegal immigration affects the lives of all Americans. Illegal Immigration hurts American workers, burdens American taxpayers, undermines public safety, and places enormous strain on local schools, hospitals and communities...
... His opponent, Jared Polis, is weak on crime and weak on borders – could never do the job. Get out and VOTE – Walker has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. will be an extraordinary Governor for the State of Colorado. He is strong, smart, and has been successful at everything he has ever done...
Thank you to Rick Breckenridge and congratulations to Matt Rosendale ( ). This is very big - see you in Montana on Saturday! Tickets:
Just had a long and very good conversation with President Xi Jinping of China. We talked about many subjects, with a heavy emphasis on Trade. Those discussions are moving along nicely with meetings being scheduled at the G - 20 in Argentina. Also had good discussion on North Korea!
That’s because they treat me fairly! “tops and combined in October cable news ratings”
Fantastic evening in Florida with great PATRIOTS at a beautiful #MAGARally. Get out and so we can continue MAKING AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU FLORIDA! Get out and VOTE Republican! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
It is outrageous what the Democrats are doing to our Country. Vote Republican now!
#JOBSNOTMOBS! VOTE REPUBLICAN NOW!!
Yesterday in Pittsburgh I was really impressed with Congressman Keith Rothfus ( far more so than any other local political figure ). His sincere level of compassion, grief and sorrow for the events that took place was, in its own way, very inspiring. Vote for Keith!
Harry Reid, when he was sane, agreed with us on Birthright Citizenship!
Paul Ryan should be focusing on holding the Majority rather than giving his opinions on Birthright Citizenship, something he knows nothing about! Our new Republican Majority will work on this, Closing the Immigration Loopholes and Securing our Border!
Republicans will protect people with pre-existing conditions far better than the Dems!
“Donald Trump has made good on his promises, and it drives Democrats Crazy!” Brad Blakeman
The World is using our laws to our detriment. They laugh at the Stupidity they see!
... Harry Reid was right in 1993, before he and the Democrats went insane and started with the Open Borders ( which brings massive Crime ) “stuff.” Don’t forget the nasty term Anchor Babies. I will keep our Country safe. This case will be settled by the United States Supreme Court!
So-called Birthright Citizenship, which costs our Country billions of dollars and is very unfair to our citizens, will be ended one way or the other. It is not covered by the 14th Amendment because of the words “subject to the jurisdiction thereof.” Many legal scholars agree...
Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad & solemn day. We were treated so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us, staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful!
Stock Market up more than 400 points yesterday. Today looks to be another good one. Companies earnings are great!
Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad and solemn day. We were treaty so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us, staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful!
Our military is being mobilized at the Southern Border. Many more troops coming. We will NOT let these Caravans, which are also made up of some very bad thugs and gang members, into the U. S. Our Border is sacred, must come in legally. TURN AROUND!
The Caravans are made up of some very tough fighters and people. Fought back hard and viciously against Mexico at Northern Border before breaking through. Mexican soldiers hurt, were unable, or unwilling to stop Caravan. Should stop them before they reach our Border, but won’t!
Congressman has fought hard for the People of Kansas. Highly respected, strong on Crime, the Border, Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Kevin has my Total Endorsement!
. will be a great Governor for the People of Ohio. He is an outstanding man who loves his State – and always produces big...
... Richard Cordray will let you down, just like he did when he destroyed the government agency that he ran. Clone of Pocahontas, that’s not for Ohio. Mike has my Total Endorsement!
Just out: Consumer Confidence hits highest level since 2000.
“If the Fed backs off and starts talking a little more Dovish, I think we’re going to be right back to our 2,800 to 2,900 target range that we’ve had for the S & P 500.” Scott Wren, Wells Fargo.
The Stock Market is up massively since the Election, but is now taking a little pause - people want to see what happens with the Midterms. If you want your Stocks to go down, I strongly suggest voting Democrat. They like the Venezuela financial model, High Taxes & Open Borders!
Congressman Kevin Brady of Texas is so popular in his District, and far beyond, that he doesn’t need any help - but I am giving it to him anyway. He is a great guy and the absolute “King” of Cutting Taxes. Highly respected by all, he loves his State & Country. Strong Endorsement!
Congressman Andy Barr of Kentucky, who just had a great debate with his Nancy Pelosi run opponent, has been a winner for his State. Strong on Crime, the Border, Tax Cuts, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment, we need Andy in D. C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
., , and love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done. We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman is a fighter who is doing a great job for Virginia and for our Country. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment and all else. We need Dave in D. C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
., , and love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Congresswoman of Washington State is an incredible leader who is respected by everyone in Congress. We need her badly in D. C. to keep building on #MAGA. She has my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman of Iowa got a desperately needed Flood Wall for Cedar Rapids that was almost impossible to get. He makes a BIG difference for Iowa! Border, Military, Vets etc. We need Rod in D. C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
. of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts, the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!
., , and love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts, the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!
. is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D. C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!
. is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D. C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!
So Revealing!
I will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham tonight at 10:00 P. M. on
Check out tweets from last two days. I refer to Fake News Media when mentioning Enemy of the People - but dishonest reporters use only the word “Media.” The people of our Great Country are angry and disillusioned at receiving so much Fake News. They get it, and fully understand!
CNN and others in the Fake News Business keep purposely and inaccurately reporting that I said the “Media is the Enemy of the People. ” Wrong! I said that the “ Fake News ( Media ) is the Enemy of the People,” a very big difference. When you give out false information - not good!
Great job being done by Congressman Keith Rothfus of Pennsylvania. Thank you Keith!
In Florida there is a choice between a Harvard / Yale educated man named who has been a great Congressman and will be a great Governor - and a Dem who is a thief and who is Mayor of poorly run Tallahassee, said to be one of the most corrupt cities in the Country!
Many Gang Members and some very bad people are mixed into the Caravan heading to our Southern Border. Please go back, you will not be admitted into the United States unless you go through the legal process. This is an invasion of our Country and our Military is waiting for you!
Had a very good conversation with the newly elected President of Brazil, Jair Bolsonaro, who won his race by a substantial margin. We agreed that Brazil and the United States will work closely together on Trade, Military and everything else! Excellent call, wished him congrats!
... of Anger and Outrage and we will then be able to bring all sides together in Peace and Harmony. Fake News Must End!
There is great anger in our Country caused in part by inaccurate, and even fraudulent, reporting of the news. The Fake News Media, the true Enemy of the People, must stop the open & obvious hostility & report the news accurately & fairly. That will do much to put out the flame...
The Fake News is doing everything in their power to blame Republicans, Conservatives and me for the division and hatred that has been going on for so long in our Country. Actually, it is their Fake & Dishonest reporting which is causing problems far greater than they understand!
Just watched Wacky Tom Steyer, who I have not seen in action before, be interviewed by. He comes off as a crazed & stumbling lunatic who should be running out of money pretty soon. As bad as their field is, if he is running for President, the Dems will eat him alive!
Thank you to Steve Rogers, FBI Joint Terror Task Force ( Ret ), for his very kind and generous remarks about me and my relationship to Law Enforcement.
Very interesting!
Watching the Dodgers / Red Sox final innings. It is amazing how a manager takes out a pitcher who is loose & dominating through almost 7 innings, Rich Hill of Dodgers, and brings in nervous reliever ( s ) who get shellacked. 4 run lead gone. Managers do it all the time, big mistake!
All of America is in mourning over the mass murder of Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. We pray for those who perished and their loved ones, and our hearts go out to the brave police officers who sustained serious injuries...
... This evil Anti-Semitic attack is an assault on humanity. It will take all of us working together to extract the poison of Anti-Semitism from our world. We must unite to conquer hate.
As you know, earlier today there was a horrific shooting targeting and killing Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The shooter is in custody, and federal authorities have been dispatched to support state and local police...
Events in Pittsburgh are far more devastating than originally thought. Spoke with Mayor and Governor to inform them that the Federal Government has been, and will be, with them all the way. I will speak to the media shortly and make further statement at Future Farmers of America.
Watching the events unfolding in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Law enforcement on the scene. People in Squirrel Hill area should remain sheltered. Looks like multiple fatalities. Beware of active shooter. God Bless All!
#Walkaway Walkaway from the Democrat Party movement marches today in D. C. Congratulations to Brandon Straka for starting something very special.
Budd and Mark, two great patriots for Congress!
Martha McSally is a great warrior, her opponent a Nancy Pelosi Wacko!
Thank you Charlie!
Good luck Mary!
A big change is coming - don’t want the Dems anymore!
Trump Thunders at Media for Smearing His Supporters after Bomb Scares via
Fantastic evening in Charlotte, North Carolina with great PATRIOTS. Get out and VOTE for and! #MAGARally replay:
If you meet every day with optimism – if you confront every obstacle with determination – if you refuse to give up, if you never quit, if you face every challenge with confidence and pride – then there is no goal you cannot achieve, and no dream beyond your reach! #YBLS2018
It was my great honor, thank you!
Whether you are African-American, Hispanic-American or ANY AMERICAN at all – you have the right to live in a Country that puts YOUR NEEDS FIRST!
It is my great honor to be with so many brilliant, courageous, patriotic, and PROUD AMERICANS. Seeing all of you here today fills me with extraordinary confidence in America’s future. Each of you is taking part in the Young Black Leadership Summit because you are true leaders...
I want to applaud the FBI, Secret Service, Department of Justice, the U. S. Attorneys’ Office for the Southern District of New York, the NYPD, and all Law Enforcement partners across the Country for their incredible work, skill and determination!
I will be speaking at the Young Black Leadership Summit in 15 minutes where I will address the investigation into the bomb packages.
Republicans are doing so well in early voting, and at the polls, and now this “Bomb” stuff happens and the momentum greatly slows - news not talking politics. Very unfortunate, what is going on. Republicans, go out and vote!
Twitter has removed many people from my account and, more importantly, they have seemingly done something that makes it much harder to join - they have stifled growth to a point where it is obvious to all. A few weeks ago it was a Rocket Ship, now it is a Blimp! Total Bias?
The United States has been spending Billions of Dollars a year on Illegal Immigration. This will not continue. Democrats must give us the votes to pass strong ( but fair ) laws. If not, we will be forced to play a much tougher hand.
Funny how lowly rated CNN, and others, can criticize me at will, even blaming me for the current spate of Bombs and ridiculously comparing this to September 11th and the Oklahoma City bombing, yet when I criticize them they go wild and scream, “it’s just not Presidential!”
The Service Members who died that day included brave young Marines just out of high school, accomplished officers in the middle of their military careers, and enlisted men who had served in theaters all over the world...
In 1983, roughly 1,800 Marines were in Beirut to keep the peace in a Nation torn apart by Civil War. Terrorists had bombed the U. S. Embassy earlier that year, killing 63 people, including 17 Americans...
We are gathered together on this solemn occasion to fulfill our most reverent and sacred duty. 35 years ago, 241 American service members were murdered in the terrorist attack on our Marine Barracks in Beirut, Lebanon. Today, we honor our fallen heroes...
. from Maine is a great Congressman. He is in a tough fight against a very liberal Nancy Pelosi Democrat. Bruce has helped bring JOBS back to his State and totally protects your Great Second Amendment. We need to keep Bruce in Washington. He has my Full Endorsement!
. will make a fantastic Governor of Alaska. Mike is for Energy and Jobs, is tough on Crime, loves our Vets and our Great Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. is doing a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. Lloyd has my Total Endorsement!
. of Ohio is doing a great job as your Congressman, already very respected in Washington. Get out and VOTE for Troy - we need him – great guy – has my Total Endorsement!
. of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for #MAGA and loves the Great State of Pennsylvania. Please get out and vote for John, he has my Total and very Strong Endorsement!
... I agree with their stance 100 %, and the United States is likewise taking a very hard line on illegal immigration. The Prime Minister is working very hard on the economy of Italy - he will be successful!
Just spoke with Prime Minister of Italy concerning many subjects, including the fact that Italy is now taking a very hard line on illegal immigration...
Spoke with French President this morning. Discussed many topics including the very exciting upcoming visit to Paris where Melania and I will attend the Armistice Day Centennial Commemoration!
To those in the Caravan, turnaround, we are not letting people into the United States illegally. Go back to your Country and if you want, apply for citizenship like millions of others are doing!
“Remarks by President Trump on a Year of Historic Progress and Action to Combat the Opioid Crisis”
The New York Times has a new Fake Story that now the Russians and Chinese ( glad they finally added China ) are listening to all of my calls on cellphones. Except that I rarely use a cellphone, & when I do it’s government authorized. I like Hard Lines. Just more made up Fake News!
A very big part of the Anger we see today in our society is caused by the purposely false and inaccurate reporting of the Mainstream Media that I refer to as Fake News. It has gotten so bad and hateful that it is beyond description. Mainstream Media must clean up its act, FAST!
Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council is right when he says on that the Democrat inspired laws make it tough for us to stop people at the Border. MUST BE CHANDED, but I am bringing out the military for this National Emergency. They will be stopped!
The so-called experts on Trump over at the New York Times wrote a long and boring article on my cellphone usage that is so incorrect I do not have time here to correct it. I only use Government Phones, and have only one seldom used government cell phone. Story is sooo wrong!
Just leaving Wisconsin. and are fantastic people, badly needed for our Country! #MAGA
Just arrived in Wisconsin to help two great people, and!
The safety of the American People is my highest priority. I have just concluded a briefing with the FBI, Department of Justice, Department of Homeland Security, and the U. S. Secret Service...
I agree wholeheartedly!
Republicans will totally protect people with Pre-Existing Conditions, Democrats will not! Vote Republican.
Brian Kemp will be a GREAT Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams will destroy the State. Sooo important, get out and VOTE for Brian!
We are a great Sovereign Nation. We have Strong Borders and will never accept people coming into our Country illegally!
For those who want and advocate for illegal immigration, just take a good look at what has happened to Europe over the last 5 years. A total mess! They only wish they had that decision to make over again.
I agree with President Obama 100 %!
Billions of dollars are, and will be, coming into United States coffers because of Tariffs. Great also for negotiations - if a country won’t give us a fair Trade Deal, we will institute Tariffs on them. Used or not, jobs and businesses will be created. U. S. respected again!
#JobsNotMobs

Congressman John Faso of New York has worked hard and smart. Strong on Crime, Borders and our 2nd Amendment, John is respected by all. Vote for John. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
The people of Puerto Rico are wonderful but the inept politicians are trying to use the massive and ridiculously high amounts of hurricane / disaster funding to pay off other obligations. The U. S. will NOT bail out long outstanding & unpaid obligations with hurricane relief money!
Jay Webber of New Jersey, running for Congress, is doing a great job against a person who is looking to raise Taxes substantially. Jay wants big Tax Cuts and Changes. A Harvard graduate and father of seven, Jay will be great for New Jersey and get the job done-and I will help!
Congressman Erik Paulsen of the Great State of Minnesota has done a fantastic job in cutting Taxes and Job Killing Regulations. Hard working and very smart. Keep Erik in Congress. He has my Strong Endorsement!
We send our deepest condolences to and the entire Barletta family, on the passing of his brother. Lou has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with Lou and the entire Barletta family!
Today’s Democrat Party would rather protect criminal aliens than AMERICAN CITIZENS - which is why the Democrats must be voted OUT of OFFICE! #JobsNotMobs
At stake in this Election is whether we continue the extraordinary prosperity we have achieved - or whether we let the Radical Democrat Mob take a giant wrecking ball to our Country and our Economy! #JobsNotMobs
We send our deepest condolences to Lou and the entire Barletta family - he has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with you Lou!
THANK YOU HOUSTON, TEXAS. Get out and #JobsNotMobs

Massive crowds inside and outside of the in Houston, Texas. Landing shortly - see everyone soon! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
Let’s go FLORIDA!
Last day to register to VOTE in Alabama, California, South Dakota and Wyoming! #JobsNotMobs
WOW - thank you Houston, Texas! I am departing now. See you in a few hours!! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
The Fake News Media has been talking about recent approval ratings of me by countries around the world, including the European Union, as being very low...
... I say of course they’re low - because for the first time in 50 years I am making them pay a big price for doing business with America. Why should they like me? — But I still like them!
“America: the Cleanest Air in the World - BY FAR!”
“Shock report: US paying more for illegal immigrant births than Trump’s wall”
Big Night In Texas!!!
Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador were not able to do the job of stopping people from leaving their country and coming illegally to the U. S. We will now begin cutting off, or substantially reducing, the massive foreign aid routinely given to them.
Every time you see a Caravan, or people illegally coming, or attempting to come, into our Country illegally, think of and blame the Democrats for not giving us the votes to change our pathetic Immigration Laws! Remember the Midterms! So unfair to those who come in legally.
Sadly, it looks like Mexico’s Police and Military are unable to stop the Caravan heading to the Southern Border of the United States. Criminals and unknown Middle Easterners are mixed in. I have alerted Border Patrol and Military that this is a National Emergy. Must change laws!
Congressman Tom Reed of New York’s 23rd District has done a great job. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
Ron DeSantis had a great debate victory tonight against Andrew Gillum, a mayor who presides over one of the worst run, and most corrupt, cities in Florida. Ron will build on the great job done by Governor Rick Scott. Gillum will make Florida the next Venezuela!
Facebook has just stated that they are setting up a system to “purge” themselves of Fake News. Does that mean CNN will finally be put out of business?
Best Jobs Numbers in the history of our great Country! Many other things likewise. So why wouldn’t we win the Midterms? Dems can never do even nearly as well! Think of what will happen to your now beautiful 401 - k’s!
The Caravans are a disgrace to the Democrat Party. Change the immigration laws NOW!
Full efforts are being made to stop the onslaught of illegal aliens from crossing our Souther Border. People have to apply for asylum in Mexico first, and if they fail to do that, the U. S. will turn them away. The courts are asking the U. S. to do things that are not doable!
Watched North Dakota’s Rep. Kevin Cramer easily win debate with Senator Heidi Heitkamp. Great job Kevin, you will be a great Senator!
All levels of government and Law Enforcement are watching carefully for VOTER FRAUD, including during EARLY VOTING. Cheat at your own peril. Violators will be subject to maximum penalties, both civil and criminal!
Beautiful afternoon in Elko, Nevada. Thank you! Get out and VOTE TODAY!! #MAGA 🇺 🇸 #JobsNotMobs
Heading to Nevada to help a man who has become a good friend, Senator Dean Heller. He is all about #MAGA and I need his Help and Talent in Washington. Also, Adam Laxalt will be a GREAT GOVERNOR, and has my complete and total Endorsement. Winners Both!
Leaving Arizona after a fantastic Rally last night, in Mesa, honoring, and for, Martha McSally. She is an inspiration & will be a GREAT SENATOR for the people of Arizona. Her opponent is a Nancy Pelosi puppet, really bad for State. Early Voting NOW! Will be back soon.
Rick Scott is known as easily one of the best Governors in the USA. Florida is setting records in almost every category of success. Amazing achievement-the envy of the World. Ron DeSantis will build on this success. His incompetent opponent will destroy Florida - next Venezuela!
Ron DeSantis is working hard. A great Congressman and top student at Harvard & Yale, Ron will be a record setting governor for Florida. Rick Scott gave him tremendous foundations to further build on. His opponent runs one of the worst & most corrupt cities in USA!
Get out and Early Vote for Brian Kemp. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR for the State of Georgia!
Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp will be a great governor. He has been successful at whatever he has done, and has prepared for this very difficult and complex job for many years. He has my Strong Endorsement. His opponent is totally unqualified. Would destroy a great state!
If the Democrats would stop being obstructionists and come together, we could write up and agree to new immigration laws in less than one hour. Look at the needless pain and suffering that they are causing. Look at the horrors taking place on the Border. Chuck & Nancy, call me!
Beautiful evening in Mesa, Arizona with GREAT PATRIOTS - thank you! #MAGARally 🇺 🇸 replay:
This was outside of the massive totally full hangar tonight in Mesa, Arizona! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
On my way - see you all shortly!
WOW - Mesa, Arizona! Look forward to joining everyone soon. Something’s happening!! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
This is what it is all about for the Republican Party! #JobsNotMobs
#JobsNotMobs!
Beto O’ Rourke is a total lightweight compared to Ted Cruz, and he comes nowhere near representing the values and desires of the people of the Great State of Texas. He will never be allowed to turn Texas into Venezuela!
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was never given or shown a Transcript or Video of the Saudi Consulate event. FAKE NEWS!
When referring to the USA, I will always capitalize the word Country!
Congressman Andy Biggs is doing a great job for Arizona and our Country!
#JobsNotMobs!
Jon Tester says one thing to voters and does the EXACT OPPOSITE in Washington. Tester takes his orders form Pelosi & Schumer. Tester wants to raise your taxes, take away your 2A, open your borders, and deliver MOB RULE. Retire Tester & Elect America-First Patriot Matt Rosendale!
Thank you Missoula, Montana. Get out and VOTE for and!! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
The only thing keeping Tester alive is he has millions and millions of dollars from outside liberals and leftists, who couldn’t care less about our Country!
Will be landing soon. Looking forward to seeing our next Senator from Montana, Matt Rosendale. He will represent our Country well, far better than Jon Tester who will vote with Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi - never with us!
Prime Minister of Japan has been working with me to help balance out the one-sided Trade with Japan. These are some of the investments they are making in our Country - just the beginning!
Thank you Mexico, we look forward to working with you!
Look forward to being there. Something’s happening! #MAGA
Can you believe this, and what Democrats are allowing to be done to our Country?
All Republicans support people with pre-existing conditions, and if they don’t, they will after I speak to them. I am in total support. Also, Democrats will destroy your Medicare, and I will keep it healthy and well!
See you tonight Missoula, Montana! #MAGARally 🇺 🇸
. outside of the West Wing after our meeting this morning in the Oval Office...
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo returned last night from Saudi Arabia and Turkey. I met with him this morning wherein the Saudi situation was discussed in great detail, including his meeting with...
... the Crown Prince. He is waiting for the results of the investigations being done by the Saudis and Turkey, and just gave a news conference to that effect.
Congressman is one of the hardest working, and smartest, people in Washington. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for MAGA and loves the Great State of Virginia. Dave has my Total Endorsement!
... The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA. Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border. All Democrats fault for weak laws!
... In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught - and if unable to do so I will call up the U. S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!..
I am watching the Democrat Party led ( because they want Open Borders and existing weak laws ) assault on our country by Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people, INCLUDING MANY CRIMINALS, from entering Mexico to U. S...
Ever since his vicious and totally false statements about Admiral Ron Jackson, the highly respected White House Doctor for Obama, Bush & me, Senator John Tester looks to be in big trouble in the Great State of Montana! He behaved worse than the Democrat Mob did with Justice K!
This afternoon, it was my great honor to present Sergeant Major John Canley the Medal of Honor in the East Room of the!
Congressman Neal Dunn ( ) of Florida has done an outstanding job at everything having to do with #MAGA. Now working hard on hurricane relief and rebuild. Strong on Crime, strong on Borders, loves our Military and our Vets. Neal has my highest Endorsement!
College educated women want safety, security and healthcare protections – very much along with financial and economic health for themselves and our Country. I supply all of this far better than any Democrat ( for decades, actually ). That’s why they will be voting for me!
“President Donald J. Trump is Following Through on His Promise to Cut Burdensome Red Tape and Unleash the American Economy” Read more:
Republicans must make the horrendous, weak and outdated immigration laws, and the Border, a part of the Midterms!
Hard to believe that with thousands of people from South of the Border, walking unimpeded toward our country in the form of large Caravans, that the Democrats won’t approve legislation that will allow laws for the protection of our country. Great Midterm issue for Republicans!
“Network News gave Zero coverage to the Big Day the Stock Market had yesterday.”
August job openings hit a record 7.14 million. Congratulations USA!
AP headline was very different from my quote and meaning in the story. They just can’t help themselves. FAKE NEWS!
Ted Cruz has done so much for Texas, including massive cuts in taxes and regulations - which has brought Texas to the best jobs numbers in the history of the state. He watches carefully over your 2nd Amendment. O’ Rourke would blow it all! Ted has long had my Strong Endorsement!
Watched the debate last night & Beto O’ Rourke, who wants higher taxes and far more regulations, is not in the same league with Ted Cruz & what the great people of Texas stand for & want. Ted is strong on Crime, Border & 2nd A, loves our Military, Vets, Low Taxes. Beto is a Flake!
“Trump could be the most honest president in modern history. When you look at the real barometer of presidential truthfulness, which is promise keeping, he is probably the most honest president in American history. He’s done exactly what he said he would do.” Marc Thiessen, WPost
Stock Market up 548 points today. Also, GREAT jobs numbers!
Elizabeth Warren is being hammered, even by the Left. Her false claim of Indian heritage is only selling to VERY LOW I. Q. individuals!
Anybody entering the United States illegally will be arrested and detained, prior to being sent back to their country!
We have today informed the countries of Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador that if they allow their citizens, or others, to journey through their borders and up to the United States, with the intention of entering our country illegally, all payments made to them will STOP ( END )!
I will be interviewed tonight by Trish Regan on at 8: 00 P. M., right after the great Lou Dobbs!
WOW, John James is making headway in Michigan. We are bringing jobs back to the State, and the People of Michigan appreciate it. Debbie Stabenow has been no help, if anything, a major hindrance. John James is a star, I hope the voters see it. Polls are tightening!
... during the call, and told me that he has already started, and will rapidly expand, a full and complete investigation into this matter. Answers will be forthcoming shortly.
Just spoke with the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia who totally denied any knowledge of what took place in their Turkish Consulate. He was with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo...
REGISTER TO #MAGA 🇺 🇸
Is it really possible that Bruce Ohr, whose wife Nellie was paid by Simpson and GPS Fusion for work done on the Fake Dossier, and who was used as a Pawn in this whole SCAM ( WITCH HUNT ), is still working for the Department of Justice??? Can this really be so???
“Conflict between Glen Simpson’s testimony to another House Panel about his contact with Justice Department official Bruce Ohr. Ohr was used by Simpson and Steele as a Back Channel to get ( FAKE ) Dossier to FBI. Simpson pleading Fifth.” Catherine Herridge. Where is Jeff Sessions?
“Federal Judge throws out Stormy Danials lawsuit versus Trump. Trump is entitled to full legal fees.” Great, now I can go after Horseface and her 3rd rate lawyer in the Great State of Texas. She will confirm the letter she signed! She knows nothing about me, a total con!
Incredible number just out, 7,036, 000 job openings. Astonishing - it’s all working! Stock Market up big on tremendous potential of USA. Also, Strong Profits. We are Number One in World, by far!
For the record, I have no financial interests in Saudi Arabia ( or Russia, for that matter ). Any suggestion that I have is just more FAKE NEWS ( of which there is plenty )!
“8X more new manufacturing jobs now than with Obama.”
The United States has strongly informed the President of Honduras that if the large Caravan of people heading to the U. S. is not stopped and brought back to Honduras, no more money or aid will be given to Honduras, effective immediately!
“Op-Ed praises Trump Administrations efforts at the Border. ” The Washington Examiner States, “ Finally, the government has taken steps to stop releasing unaccompanied minors to criminals and traffickers.” This was done by the Obama Administration!
Thank you to the Cherokee Nation for revealing that Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, is a complete and total Fraud!
Now that her claims of being of Indian heritage have turned out to be a scam and a lie, Elizabeth Warren should apologize for perpetrating this fraud against the American Public. Harvard called her “a person of color” ( amazing con ), and would not have taken her otherwise!
Pocahontas ( the bad version ), sometimes referred to as Elizabeth Warren, is getting slammed. She took a bogus DNA test and it showed that she may be 1/1024, far less than the average American. Now Cherokee Nation denies her, “DNA test is useless.” Even they don’t want her. Phony!
TOGETHER, WE WILL PREVAIL!
Open enrollment starts today on lower-priced Medicare Advantage plans so loved by our great seniors. Crazy Bernie and his band of Congressional Dems will outlaw these plans. Disaster!
Just arrived in Florida. Also thinking about our GREAT Alabama farmers and our many friends in North and South Carolina today. We are with you!
On our way to Florida and Georgia!
Just spoke to the King of Saudi Arabia who denies any knowledge of whatever may have happened “to our Saudi Arabian citizen.” He said that they are working closely with Turkey to find answer. I am immediately sending our Secretary of State to meet with King!
Will be leaving for Florida and Georgia with the First Lady to tour the hurricane damage and visit with FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement. Maximum effort is taking place, everyone is working very hard. Worst hit in 50 years!
The crowds at my Rallies are far bigger than they have ever been before, including the 2016 election. Never an empty seat in these large venues, many thousands of people watching screens outside. Enthusiasm & Spirit is through the roof. SOMETHING BIG IS HAPPENING - WATCH!
“The only way to shut down the Democrats new Mob Rule strategy is to stop them cold at the Ballot Box. The fight for America’s future is never over!” Ben Shapiro
Thank you to NBC for the correction!
Thank you!
I will be interviewed on “60 Minutes” tonight at 7:00 P. M., after NFL game. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed tonight by on at 7:30 P. M. Eastern. Enjoy!
Princess Eugenie of York was a truly beautiful bride yesterday. She has been through so much, and has come out a total winner!
NBC News has totally and purposely changed the point and meaning of my story about General Robert E Lee and General Ulysses Grant. Was actually a shoutout to warrior Grant and the great state in which he was born. As usual, dishonest reporting. Even mainstream media embarrassed!
Congratulations to Tucker Carlson on the great success of his book, “Ship of Fools.” It just went to NUMBER ONE!
Big day! Pastor Andrew Brunson, who could have spent 35 years in a Turkish prison, was returned safely home to his family today. Met in Oval Office, great people! Then off to Kentucky for a Rally for Congressman Andy Barr. Tremendous crowd & spirit! Just returned to White House.
Thank you Kentucky! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
On my way to Richmond, Kentucky for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally at 7:00 pmE. The crowds are once again, massive. See everyone in a couple of hours! #MAGA
WELCOME HOME PASTOR ANDREW BRUNSON!

Heading to the Great State of Kentucky - Big Rally for Congressman Andy Barr - Fantastic guy, need his vote for MAGA! Strong on Crime, Tax Cuts, Military, Vets & 2nd A. His opponent will NEVER vote for us, only for Pelosi. Andy has my Strongest Endorsement!!! See you in Kentucky.
Highly respected Congressman Keith Rothfus ( R ) of Pennsylvania is in the fight of his life because the Dems changed the District Map. He must win. Strong on crime, borders, big tax & reg cuts, Military & Vets. Opponent Lamb a Pelosi puppet-weak on crime. BIG ENDORSEMENT FOR KEITH
“From a Turkish prison to the White House in 24 hours.” Kristin Fisher of Very cool!
There was NO DEAL made with Turkey for the release and return of Pastor Andrew Brunson. I don’t make deals for hostages. There was, however, great appreciation on behalf of the United States, which will lead to good, perhaps great, relations between the United States & Turkey!
Pastor Andrew Brunson, released by Turkey, will be with me in the Oval Office at 2:30 P. M. ( this afternoon ). It will be wonderful to see and meet him. He is a great Christian who has been through such a tough experience. I would like to thank President for his help!
Happy 243rd Birthday to our GREAT! #243NavyBday
Beautiful MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Lebanon, Ohio. Thank you! #ICYMI, watch here:
The GREAT football ( and lacrosse ) player, Jim Brown outside the West Wing of the. He is also a tremendous man and mentor to many young people!

Happy #NationalFarmersDay! With the recent #USMCA our GREAT FARMERS will do better than ever before!!
Don’t miss our GREAT, Melania, on tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy!
People have no idea how hard Hurricane Michael has hit the great state of Georgia. I will be visiting both Florida and Georgia early next week. We are working very hard on every area and every state that was hit - we are with you!
PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT!
REGISTER TO VOTE!
PASTOR BRUNSON JUST RELEASED. WILL BE HOME SOON!
My thoughts and prayers are with Pastor Brunson, and we hope to have him safely back home soon!
So nice, everyone wants Ivanka Trump to be the new United Nations Ambassador. She would be incredible, but I can already hear the chants of Nepotism! We have great people that want the job.
Working very hard on Pastor Brunson!
Florida Highway Patrol Troopers are all en route to the Panhandle, from all across the state of Florida - to help those affected by #HurricaneMichael. If you see them, be sure to shake their hands and say THANK YOU! #LESM
Thank you to and all First Responders! #HurricaneMichael
Thank you Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office! #HurricaneMichael
Massive overflow crowd tonight in Erie, Pennsylvania. THANK YOU to everyone who came out and joined us. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Remember to get out and VOTE! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
Couldn’t let these great people down. They have been lined up since last night - see you soon Pennsylvania!
Departing the for Erie, Pennsylvania. I cannot disappoint the thousands of people that are there - and the thousands that are going. I look forward to seeing everyone this evening.
We are with you Florida!
Despite so many positive events and victories, Media Reseach Center reports that 92 % of stories on Donald Trump are negative on ABC, CBS and ABC. It is FAKE NEWS! Don’t worry, the Failing New York Times didn’t even put the Brett Kavanaugh victory on the Front Page yesterday-A 17!
Walker Stapleton is running as the highly respected Republican Candidate for Governor of the Great State of Colorado. His credentials and talents are impeccable. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
THANK YOU IOWA & NEBRASKA! VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!

Beautiful evening in Iowa. GOD BLESS THE U. S. A.! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
. has been relentless in securing the funding to fix the algae problem from Lake Okeechobee - we will solve this! Congress must follow through on the Government’s plan on the Everglades Reservoir. Bill Nelson has been no help!
“President Donald J. Trump Approves Florida Emergency Declaration”
REGISTER TO VOTE!
FLORIDA - It is imperative that you heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE! #HurricaneMichael
... Looks to be a Cat. 3 which is even more intense than Florence. Good news is, the folks in the Pan Handle can take care of anything. and First Responders are ready - be prepared! #HurricaneMichael
Hurricane on its way to the Florida Pan Handle with major elements arriving tomorrow. Could also hit, in later stage, parts of Georgia, and unfortunately North Carolina, and South Carolina, again...
Big announcement with my friend Ambassador Nikki Haley in the Oval Office at 10:30 am.
Will be going to Iowa tonight for Rally, and more! The Farmers ( and all ) are very happy with USMCA!
Great evening last night at the White House honoring Justice Kavanaugh and family. Our country is very proud of them!
The paid D. C. protesters are now ready to REALLY protest because they haven’t gotten their checks - in other words, they weren’t paid! Screamers in Congress, and outside, were far too obvious - less professional than anticipated by those paying ( or not paying ) the bills!


Great to see launch a cutting-edge statewide school safety APP in Florida today - named by Parkland Survivors. BIG PRIORITY and Florida is getting it done! #FortifyFL
Every day, our police officers race into darkened allies, deserted streets, & onto the doorsteps of the most hardened criminals. They see the worst of humanity & they respond with the best of the American Spirit. America’s LEOs have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation!
We thank you. We salute you. We honor you. And we promise you: we will ALWAYS have your BACK – now and FOREVER! #IACP2018
America’s police officers have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation. In moments of danger & despair you are the reason we never lose hope – because there are men & women in uniform who face down evil & stand for all that is GOOD and JUST and DECENT and RIGHT! #IACP2018
It was my great honor to address the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando, Florida. Thank you! #IACP2018 #LESM
Departing Washington, D. C. for the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando, Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! #IACP2018
Christopher Columbus’s spirit of determination & adventure has provided inspiration to generations of Americans. On #ColumbusDay, we honor his remarkable accomplishments as a navigator, & celebrate his voyage into the unknown expanse of the Atlantic Ocean.
. had a good meeting with Chairman Kim today in Pyongyang. Progress made on Singapore Summit Agreements! I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim again, in the near future.
You don’t hand matches to an arsonist, and you don’t give power to an angry left-wing mob. Democrats have become too EXTREME and TOO DANGEROUS to govern. Republicans believe in the rule of law - not the rule of the mob. VOTE REPUBLICAN!
Beautiful evening in Topeka, Kansas. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE! #MAGA
Thank you Kansas - I love you!
The crowd in front of the U. S. Supreme Court is tiny, looks like about 200 people ( & most are onlookers ) - that wouldn’t even fill the first couple of rows of our Kansas Rally, or any of our Rallies for that matter! The Fake News Media tries to make it look sooo big, & it’s not!
I applaud and congratulate the U. S. Senate for confirming our GREAT NOMINEE, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, to the United States Supreme Court. Later today, I will sign his Commission of Appointment, and he will be officially sworn in. Very exciting!
I have asked Steve Daines, our great Republican Senator from Montana, to attend his daughter Annie’s wedding rather than coming to today’s vote. Steve was ready to do whatever he had to, but we had the necessary number. To the Daines Family, congratulations-have a wonderful day!
Women for Kavanaugh, and many others who support this very good man, are gathering all over Capitol Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P. M. VOTE. It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs. Big day for America!
Women for Kavanaugh, and many others who support this very good man, are gathering all over Capital Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P. M. VOTE. It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs. Big day for America!
Very proud of the U. S. Senate for voting “YES” to advance the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh!
Just out: 3.7 % Unemployment is the lowest number since 1969!
The very rude elevator screamers are paid professionals only looking to make Senators look bad. Don’t fall for it! Also, look at all of the professionally made identical signs. Paid for by Soros and others. These are not signs made in the basement from love! #Troublemakers
Beautiful evening in Rochester, Minnesota. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!
Thank you Minnesota - I love you!
Just made my second stop in Minnesota for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally. We need to elect to the U. S. Senate, and we need the strong leadership of, , and in the U. S. House!
Congressman Bishop is doing a GREAT job! He helped pass tax reform which lowered taxes for EVERYONE! Nancy Pelosi is spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on his opponent because they both support a liberal agenda of higher taxes and wasteful spending!
“U. S. Stocks Widen Global Lead”
Statement on National Strategy for Counterterrorism:
Working hard, thank you!
This is now the 7th. time the FBI has investigated Judge Kavanaugh. If we made it 100, it would still not be good enough for the Obstructionist Democrats.
This is a very important time in our country. Due Process, Fairness and Common Sense are now on trial!
Our country’s great First Lady, Melania, is doing really well in Africa. The people love her, and she loves them! It is a beautiful thing to see.
The harsh and unfair treatment of Judge Brett Kavanaugh is having an incredible upward impact on voters. The PEOPLE get it far better than the politicians. Most importantly, this great life cannot be ruined by mean & despicable Democrats and totally uncorroborated allegations!
Wow, such enthusiasm and energy for Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Look at the Energy, look at the Polls. Something very big is happening. He is a fine man and great intellect. The country is with him all the way!
My thoughts and prayers are with the Florence County Sheriff’s Office and the Florence Police Department tonight, in South Carolina. We are forever grateful for what our Law Enforcement Officers do 24/7 / 365.
Just spoke to President-Elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of Mexico. Great call, we will work well together!
I see it each time I go out to Rallies in order to help some of our great Republican candidates. VOTERS ARE REALLY ANGRY AT THE VICIOUS AND DESPICABLE WAY DEMOCRATS ARE TREATING BRETT KAVANAUGH! He and his wonderful family deserve much better.
Mexico, Canada and the United States are a great partnership and will be a very formidable trading force. We will now, because of the USMCA, work very well together. Great Spirit!
Blowout numbers on New Jobs and, separately, Services. Market up!
Thank you to Congressman Tom Reed of New York for your wonderful comments on our great new Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, the USMCA. I have long ago given you my Full Endorsement, and for good reason. Keep up the Great Work!
Thank you Governor Phil Bryant - it was my great honor to be there! #MAGA

The Stock Market just reached an All-Time High during my Administration for the 102nd Time, a presidential record, by far, for less than two years. So much potential as Trade and Military Deals are completed.
The Failing New York Times did something I have never seen done before. They used the concept of “time value of money” in doing a very old, boring and often told hit piece on me. Added up, this means that 97 % of their stories on me are bad. Never recovered from bad election call!
Congressman of Texas is a true fighter and patriot. Highly respected in D. C. by all, he always gets what his district, and our country, wants and needs. Strong on Crime, Border, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment. Pete has my Full and Total Endorsement. A great guy!
Thank you Mississippi - Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today, my Administration provided HISTORIC levels of funding to improve school safety through STOP School Violence grants – a top priority for. I am committed to keeping our children SAFE in their schools!
“National wage growth is at the highest it’s been in nearly 17 months - - and, according to a new study released by Glassdoor, it’s not expected to slow down anytime soon...”
GOD BLESS THE U. S. A.! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
Thank you Mississippi - I love you!
This is really an incredible time for our Nation - WE are RESPECTED AGAIN!
“USMCA Wins Praise as a Victory for American Industries and Workers” ➡ ️
Proud of our great First Lady - and she loves doing this!
Yesterday, it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Ronald J. Shurer II, for his actions on April 6, 2008, when he braved enemy fire to treat multiple injured Soldiers. Read more:
THE ONLY REASON TO VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT IS IF YOU ’ RE TIRED OF WINNING!
Great reviews on the new USMCA. Thank you! Mexico and Canada will be wonderful partners in Trade ( and more ) long into the future.
Happy 7th birthday to Tristan, a very special member of the Trump family!
WOW - THANK YOU TENNESSEE!
Thank you Tennessee - I love you!

News conference on the USMCA this morning at 11:00 - Rose Garden of White House.
Congratulations to Mexico and Canada!
... deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA, greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers, reduces Trade Barriers to the U. S. and will bring all three Great Nations together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!
... deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA, greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers, reduce Trade Barriers to the U. S. and will bring all three Great Nations closer together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!
Late last night, our deadline, we reached a wonderful new Trade Deal with Canada, to be added into the deal already reached with Mexico. The new name will be The United States Mexico Canada Agreement, or USMCA. It is a great deal for all three countries, solves the many...
Wow! Just starting to hear the Democrats, who are only thinking Obstruct and Delay, are starting to put out the word that the “time ” and “ scope” of FBI looking into Judge Kavanaugh and witnesses is not enough. Hello! For them, it will never be enough - stay tuned and watch!
So if African-American unemployment is now at the lowest number in history, median income the highest, and you then add all of the other things I have done, how do Democrats, who have done NOTHING for African-Americans but TALK, win the Black Vote? And it will only get better!
Like many, I don’t watch Saturday Night Live ( even though I past hosted it ) - no longer funny, no talent or charm. It is just a political ad for the Dems. Word is that Kanye West, who put on a MAGA hat after the show ( despite being told “no” ), was great. He’s leading the charge!
NBC News incorrectly reported ( as usual ) that I was limiting the FBI investigation of Judge Kavanaugh, and witnesses, only to certain people. Actually, I want them to interview whoever they deem appropriate, at their discretion. Please correct your reporting!
Thank you West Virginia - I love you!

Heading to West Virginia now. Big Rally. Will be live on tonight. Long lines, but will be great!
Senator Richard Blumenthal must talk about his fraudulent service in Vietnam, where for 12 years he told the people of Connecticut, as their Attorney General, that he was a great Marine War Hero. Talked about his many battles of near death, but was never in Vietnam. Total Phony!
Just started, tonight, our 7th FBI investigation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He will someday be recognized as a truly great Justice of The United States Supreme Court!
Judge Kavanaugh showed America exactly why I nominated him. His testimony was powerful, honest, and riveting. Democrats’search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this process has been a total sham and effort to delay, obstruct, and resist. The Senate must vote!

Join me this Saturday in Wheeling, West Virginia at 7pmE! Tickets:
Congressman Lee Zeldin is doing a fantastic job in D. C. Tough and smart, he loves our Country and will always be there to do the right thing. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
China is actually placing propaganda ads in the Des Moines Register and other papers, made to look like news. That’s because we are beating them on Trade, opening markets, and the farmers will make a fortune when this is over!
Avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations, like he did on me and like he is now doing on Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He is just looking for attention and doesn’t want people to look at his past record and relationships - a total low-life!
Jobless Claims fell to their lowest level in 49 years!
Consumer confidence hits an 18 year high, close to breaking the all-time record. A big jump from last 8 years. People are excited about the USA again! We are getting Bigger and Richer and Stronger. WAY MORE TO GO!
The Democrats are playing a high level CON GAME in their vicious effort to destroy a fine person. It is called the politics of destruction. Behind the scene the Dems are laughing. Pray for Brett Kavanaugh and his family!
“These law enforcement people took the law into their own hands when it came to President Trump.”
73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly #UNGA
“Consumer confidence rose in September, notching its highest level in about 18 years. The Consumer Board's index rose to 138.4 this month from 134.7 in August...”
“Remarks by President Trump at a Luncheon Hosted by the Secretary-General of the United Nations”
“Remarks by President Trump to the 73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly” ➡ ️
Rush Limbaugh to Republicans: “You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you don’t get highly qualified Kavanaugh approved.”
Thank you Dr. Jeffress!
Thank you Mark!

Will be speaking at the United Nations this morning. Our country is much stronger and much richer than it was when I took office less than two years ago. We are also MUCH safer!
Despite requests, I have no plans to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. Maybe someday in the future. I am sure he is an absolutely lovely man!
Republican Party Favorability is the highest it has been in 7 years - 3 points higher than Democrats! Gallup
The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man, and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever, with an array of False Accusations the likes of which have never been seen before!
REMEMBER THE MIDTERMS!
The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man, and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever, with an array of False Acquisitions the likes of which have never been seen before!

It was my great honor to welcome President of France to the United States, here in New York City, this evening! #UNGA
Joint Statement on the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement:
Brett Kavanaugh and his wife, Ashley, will be interviewed tonight at 7pmE on. This is an outstanding family who must be treated fairly!
US-Korea Free Trade Agreement Signing Ceremony!
It was my great honor to welcome and meet with President Jae-in of South Korea today, in New York City! #UNGA
Today, we commit to fighting the drug epidemic together! #UNGA
“Remarks by President Trump at ‘ Global Call to Action on the World Drug Problem ’ Event” #UNGA ➡ ️
Prime Minster is coming up to Trump Tower for dinner but, most importantly, he just had a great landslide victory in Japan. I will congratulate him on behalf of the American people!
Going to New York. Will be with Prime Minister Abe of Japan tonight, talking Military and Trade. We have done much to help Japan, would like to see more of a reciprocal relationship. It will all work out!
Tiger is playing great. Looks like a big win could happen. Very exciting!


New Economic Records being set on a daily basis - and it is not by accident!
GOD BLESS THE U. S. A.!
Thank you Missouri - Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Missouri - I love you!
Remarks by President Trump at the Signing of H. R. 5895:

Promises Kept for our GREAT Veterans!
Throughout American history, the men and women of our Armed Forces have selflessly served our Country, making tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. On National POW / MIA Recognition Day, we honor all American Prisoners of War:
Senator Feinstein and the Democrats held the letter for months, only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct & Resist & Delay. Let her testify, or not, and TAKE THE VOTE!
Senator Feinstein and the Democrats held the letter for months, only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct & Resist & Delay. Let her testify, or not, and TAKE THE VOTE!
... has been asked to review these documents on an expedited basis. I believe he will move quickly on this ( and hopefully other things which he is looking at ). In the end I can always declassify if it proves necessary. Speed is very important to me - and everyone!
I met with the DOJ concerning the declassification of various UNREDACTED documents. They agreed to release them but stated that so doing may have a perceived negative impact on the Russia probe. Also, key Allies’ called to ask not to release. Therefore, the Inspector General...
The radical left lawyers want the FBI to get involved NOW. Why didn’t someone call the FBI 36 years ago?
I will Chair the United Nations Security Council meeting on Iran next week!
I have no doubt that, if the attack on Dr. Ford was as bad as she says, charges would have been immediately filed with local Law Enforcement Authorities by either her or her loving parents. I ask that she bring those filings forward so that we can learn date, time, and place!
Judge Brett Kavanaugh is a fine man, with an impeccable reputation, who is under assault by radical left wing politicians who don’t want to know the answers, they just want to destroy and delay. Facts don’t matter. I go through this with them every single day in D. C.
AMERICA IS WINNING AGAIN!
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada - I love you! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Landing in Las Vegas now for a Make America Great Again Rally supporting and. Also doing interview there with live on. Big crowd, long lines. Will be great! #MAGA

On my way to Las Vegas, Nevada. Look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA

... North Korea to be identified as a result of my Summit with Chairman Kim. These HEROES are home, they may Rest In Peace, and hopefully their families can have closure.
Army Master Sgt. Charles H. McDaniel, 32, of Vernon, Indiana, and Army Pfc. William H. Jones, 19, of Nash County, North Carolina, are the first American remains from...
Congratulations to my good friend Prime Minister on his HUGE election victory in Japan. I ’ m looking forward to many more years of working together. See you in New York next week! 🇺 🇸 🇯 🇵
. is running for Congress in the 11th District of New Jersey. He is outstanding in every way. Strong on Borders, loves our Military and our Vets. Big Crime fighter. Jay has my Full and Total Endorsement!
S & P 500 HITS ALL-TIME HIGH Congratulations USA!
I want to know, where is the money for Border Security and the WALL in this ridiculous Spending Bill, and where will it come from after the Midterms? Dems are obstructing Law Enforcement and Border Security. REPUBLICANS MUST FINALLY GET TOUGH!
... The thing that’s lacking is we can’t properly secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction. ” Senator David Perdue of Georgia.
“ We can’t secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction. The Presidents fed up with this. His agenda is working. The economy is growing at twice the rate it did under Obama. We’ve nominated and confirmed 68 Federal Judges, 26 Court of Appeals Judges...
We protect the countries of the Middle East, they would not be safe for very long without us, and yet they continue to push for higher and higher oil prices! We will remember. The OPEC monopoly must get prices down now!
Financial and jobs numbers are fantastic. There are plenty of new, high paying jobs available in our great and very vibrant economy. If you are not happy where you are, start looking - but also remember, our economy is only getting better. Vote in Midterms!

Great new book by Jason Chaffetz appropriately called “The Deep State.” Very interesting indeed!
Just returned to the White House from the Great States of North Carolina and South Carolina where incredible work is being done on the ongoing fight against hurricane Florence. Tremendous talent and spirit!
“President Donald J. Trump’s Administration is Providing Support to Those Impacted by Hurricane Florence”
“North Korea recommits to denuclearization - we’ve come a long way.”
... it was impossible - and then already it’s over 4 %, and I expect it’s going to grow faster and faster. We’re just getting started here. ” Peter Ferrara, former advisor to President Reagan.
“ The recovery got started on Election Day 2016. It took Trump’s Tax Cuts and Regulation Cuts to get the economy booming. Before that it was the worst and slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression. It took just 6 months for Trump to get to 3 %, even though they said...
... returned home to the United States. Also, North and South Korea will file a joint bid to host the 2032 Olympics. Very exciting!
Kim Jong Un has agreed to allow Nuclear inspections, subject to final negotiations, and to permanently dismantle a test site and launch pad in the presence of international experts. In the meantime there will be no Rocket or Nuclear testing. Hero remains to continue being...
The Supreme Court is one of the main reasons I got elected President. I hope Republican Voters, and others, are watching, and studying, the Democrats Playbook.

Today, it was my great honor to welcome Andrzej Duda of Poland to the!
Today, I took action to strengthen our Nation’s defenses against biological threats. For the first time in history, the Federal Government has a National Biodefense Strategy to address the FULL RANGE of biological threats!
Thank you to our great Coast Guard for doing such a tremendous job - thousands of lives being saved!
... that FEMA, our Military, and our First Responders, who are all unbelievable, are a disaster and not doing a good job. This will be a total lie, but that’s what they do, and everybody knows it!
Right now, everybody is saying what a great job we are doing with Hurricane Florence – and they are 100 % correct. But don’t be fooled, at some point in the near future the Democrats will start ranting...
Happy 71st Birthday to our GREAT United States Air Force!
... China has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade for many years. They also know that I am the one that knows how to stop it. There will be great and fast economic retaliation against China if our farmers, ranchers and / or industrial workers are targeted!
China has openly stated that they are actively trying to impact and change our election by attacking our farmers, ranchers and industrial workers because of their loyalty to me. What China does not understand is that these people are great patriots and fully understand that...
... campaign, which is unprecedented in our history. ” Congressman Peter King Really bad things were happening, but they are now being exposed. Big stuff!
“ What will be disclosed is that there was no basis for these FISA Warrants, that the important information was kept from the court, there’s going to be a disproportionate influence of the ( Fake ) Dossier. Basically you have a counter terrorism tool used to spy on a presidential...
Today, as we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month, we share our gratitude for all the ways Hispanic-Americans make our country flourish and prosper. Today, and every day, we honor, cherish, and celebrate Hispanic-American Workers, Families, Students, Businesses, and Leaders...
Just met John James of Michigan. He has every single quality to be your next Great Senator from Michigan. When the people of Michigan get to know John, they will say he is a true star. Also, distinguished Military and a Combat Vet!
It was my great honor to host today’s Inaugural Meeting of the “President’s National Council for the American Worker” in the Roosevelt Room! Read more:

Happy Constitution Day!
Join me in Las Vegas, Nevada at 7:00 pm for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets:
Americans deserve to know the lowest drug price at their pharmacy, but “gag clauses” prevent your pharmacist from telling you! I support legislation that will remove gag clauses and urge the Senate to act. #AmericanPatientsFirst
Immediately after Comey’s firing Peter Strzok texted to his lover, Lisa Page “We need to Open the case we’ve been waiting on now while Andy ( McCabe, also fired ) is acting. Page answered, “ We need to lock in ( redacted ). In a formal chargeable way. Soon.” Wow, a conspiracy caught?
“Lisa Page Testimony - NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BEFORE MUELLER APPOINTMENT.” by Catherine Herridge. Therefore, the case should never have been allowed to be brought. It is a totally illegal Witch Hunt!
Our Steel Industry is the talk of the World. It has been given new life, and is thriving. Billions of Dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country!
Tariffs have put the U. S. in a very strong bargaining position, with Billions of Dollars, and Jobs, flowing into our Country - and yet cost increases have thus far been almost unnoticeable. If countries will not make fair deals with us, they will be “Tariffed!”
“A lot of small & medium size enterprises are registering very good profit, sometimes record profits-there stocks are doing very well, low income workers are getting big raises. There are an awful lot of good things going on that weren’t during Pres. Obama’s Watch.” Peter Morici
Consumer Sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year. Sentiment fell 11 % in 2015, an Obama year, and rose 16 % since the Election, #TrumpTime!
Best economic numbers in decades. If the Democrats take control, kiss your newfound wealth goodbye!
Watch at 6:00 P. M. on. Russian Hoax the big topic! Mainstream Media, often referred to as the Fake News Media, hates to discuss the real facts!
Congratulations to all of our Mexican friends on National Independence Day. We will be doing great things together!
Just watched Sunday Morning Futures with on. This show is MANDATORY watching if you want to understand the massive governmental corruption and the Russian Hoax. It will be rebroadcast this evening at 6:00 P. M. on. A must see!
FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are working really hard on hurricane Florence. As the storm begins to finally recede, they will kick into an even higher gear. Very Professional!
The illegal Mueller Witch Hunt continues in search of a crime. There was never Collusion with Russia, except by the Clinton campaign, so the 17 Angry Democrats are looking at anything they can find. Very unfair and BAD for the country. ALSO, not allowed under the LAW!
Exclusive - - Donald Trump Jr. to Obama: My Dad Fixed the Economy You Could Not via
Five deaths have been recorded thus far with regard to hurricane Florence! Deepest sympathies and warmth go out to the families and friends of the victims. May God be with them!
When will Republican leadership learn that they are being played like a fiddle by the Democrats on Border Security and Building the Wall? Without Borders, we don’t have a country. With Open Borders, which the Democrats want, we have nothing but crime! Finish the Wall!
While my ( our ) poll numbers are good, with the Economy being the best ever, if it weren’t for the Rigged Russian Witch Hunt, they would be 25 points higher! Highly conflicted Bob Mueller & the 17 Angry Democrats are using this Phony issue to hurt us in the Midterms. No Collusion!
. of Nevada is a great friend who supports the Trump Agenda. He is Strong on Crime, the Border and our under siege 2nd Amendment. Danny Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total and complete Endorsement!
Congressman Keith Rothfus continues to do a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. Keith is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total Endorsement!
Congressman Pete Sessions of Texas is doing a great job. He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border, fight hard for our Second Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!
Thank you Brock – it is my honor! “We ( ) have never had the support that we have had from this President.” Administrator
Thank you!
When President Obama said that he has been to “57 States,” very little mention in Fake News Media. Can you imagine if I said that... story of the year!
... GWU Research to tell them how many people had died in Puerto Rico ( how would they not know this? ). This method was never done with previous hurricanes because other jurisdictions know how many people were killed. FIFTY TIMES LAST ORIGINAL NUMBER - NO WAY!
“When Trump visited the island territory last October, OFFICIALS told him in a briefing 16 PEOPLE had died from Maria. ” The Washington Post. This was long AFTER the hurricane took place. Over many months it went to 64 PEOPLE. Then, like magic, “ 3000 PEOPLE KILLED.” They hired...
Great job FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement - not easy, very dangerous, tremendous talent. America is proud of you. Keep it all going - finish strong!
My thoughts and prayers are with Evelyn Rodriguez this evening, along with her family and friends. #RIPEvelyn
“The story of Puerto Rico is the rebuilding that has occurred. The President has done an extraordinary job of cleanup, rebuilding electrical stuff and everything else. ” “ The people of Puerto Rico have one of the most corrupt governments in our country.”
“They say all these people died in the storm in Puerto Rico, yet 70 % of the power was out before the storm. So when did people start dying? At what point do you recognize that what they are doing is a political agenda couched in the nice language of journalism?”
Keep up the great work - THANK YOU!
We love the #CajunNavy - THANK YOU! #FlorenceHurricane2018
Incredible job being done by FEMA, First Responders, Law Enforcement and all. Thank you!
Gina is Great!
John Kerry had illegal meetings with the very hostile Iranian Regime, which can only serve to undercut our great work to the detriment of the American people. He told them to wait out the Trump Administration! Was he registered under the Foreign Agents Registration Act? BAD!
Senator Debbie Stabenow and the Democrats are totally against approving the Farm Bill. They are fighting tooth and nail to not allow our Great Farmers to get what they so richly deserve. Work requirements are imperative and the Dems are a NO. Not good!
Thank you! #HurricaneFlorence
I was just briefed on Hurricane Florence. FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. We are with you!
Thank you!
The Wall Street Journal has it wrong, we are under no pressure to make a deal with China, they are under pressure to make a deal with us. Our markets are surging, theirs are collapsing. We will soon be taking in Billions in Tariffs & making products at home. If we meet, we meet?
... This was done by the Democrats in order to make me look as bad as possible when I was successfully raising Billions of Dollars to help rebuild Puerto Rico. If a person died for any reason, like old age, just add them onto the list. Bad politics. I love Puerto Rico!
3000 people did not die in the two hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico. When I left the Island, AFTER the storm had hit, they had anywhere from 6 to 18 deaths. As time went by it did not go up by much. Then, a long time later, they started to report really large numbers, like 3000...
“Middle-Class Income Hits All-Time High!” And will continue to rise ( unless the Dems get in and destroy what we have built ).
... ” It is a cesspool of corruption, and the people who did this need to be brought to justice. ”
More text messages between former FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are a disaster and embarrassment to the FBI & DOJ. This should never have happened but we are learning more and more by the hour. “Others were leaking like mad” in order to get the President!...
We are completely ready for hurricane Florence, as the storm gets even larger and more powerful. Be careful!
The problem with banker Jamie Dimon running for President is that he doesn’t have the aptitude or “smarts” & is a poor public speaker & nervous mess - otherwise he is wonderful. I’ve made a lot of bankers, and others, look much smarter than they are with my great economic policy!
Tonight, it was my great honor to host a Congressional Medal of Honor Society Reception at the!
#HurricaneFlorence
It is imperative that everyone follow local evacuation orders. This storm is extremely dangerous. Be SAFE! #HurricaneFlorence
“I can say, as it relates to the Senate Intelligence Committee Investigation, that we have NO hard evidence of Collusion.” Richard Burr ( R-NC ) Senate Intelligence Committee, Chairman
Hurricane Florence may now be dipping a bit south and hitting a portion of the Great State of Georgia. Be ready, be prepared!

Hurricane Florence is looking even bigger than anticipated. It will be arriving soon. FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. Be safe!
We got A Pluses for our recent hurricane work in Texas and Florida ( and did an unappreciated great job in Puerto Rico, even though an inaccessible island with very poor electricity and a totally incompetent Mayor of San Juan ). We are ready for the big one that is coming!
“The President has absolutely demonstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever & that the Special Counsel has no evidence of any wrongdoing. In other words, it’s time to end this Witch Hunt. ” Russian “ collusion” was just an excuse by the Democrats for having lost the Election!
Crazy Maxine Waters: “After we impeach Trump, we’ll go after Mike Pence. We’ll get him.” Where are the Democrats coming from? The best Economy in the history of our country would totally collapse if they ever took control!
... giving the information, and causing the appointment of a Special C without having the courage of his own convictions... ” Alan Dershowitz In other words, the whole thing was illegally and very unfairly set up?
“ You know who’s at fault for this more than anyone else, Comey, because he leaked information and laundered it through a professor at Columbia Law School. Shame on that professor, and shame on Comey. He snuck the information to a law professor who collaborated with him in...
#NeverForget #September11th
The safety of American people is my absolute highest priority. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE!
Small Business Optimism Soars to Highest Level Ever | Breitbart via
#NeverForget #September11th
17 years since September 11th!
Departing Washington, D. C. to attend a Flight 93 September 11th Memorial Service in Shanksville, Pennsylvania with Melania. #NeverForget
Rudy Giuliani did a GREAT job as Mayor of NYC during the period of September 11th. His leadership, bravery and skill must never be forgotten. Rudy is a TRUE WARRIOR!
“ERIC Holder could be running the Justice Department right now and it would be behaving no differently than it is.”
New Strzok-Page texts reveal “Media Leak Strategy.” So terrible, and NOTHING is being done at DOJ or FBI - but the world is watching, and they get it completely.
#NeverForget #September11th
“We have found nothing to show collusion between President Trump & Russia, absolutely zero, but every day we get more documentation showing collusion between the FBI & DOJ, the Hillary campaign, foreign spies & Russians, incredible.”

Just had calls with South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster, North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, and Virginia Governor Ralph Northam regarding the incoming storm. Federal Government stands by, ready to assist 24/7.
My people just informed me that this is one of the worst storms to hit the East Coast in many years. Also, looking like a direct hit on North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE!
Was just briefed via phone by and, along with Mike Pence and Chief of Staff, John Kelly on incoming storm which is very dangerous. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials - and know that WE are here for you. Be SAFE!
Chuck Schumer is holding up 320 appointments ( Ambassadors, Executives, etc. ) of great people who have left jobs and given up so much in order to come into Government. Schumer and the Democrats continue to OBSTRUCT!
To the incredible citizens of North Carolina, South Carolina and the entire East Coast - the storm looks very bad! Please take all necessary precautions. We have already began mobilizing our assets to respond accordingly, and we are here for you!
The Storms in the Atlantic are very dangerous. We encourage anyone in the path of these storms to prepare themselves and to heed the warnings of State and Local officials. The Federal Government is closely monitoring and ready to assist. We are with you!
“President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4 % GDP,” stated President Obama. I guess I have a magic wand, 4.2 %, and we will do MUCH better than this! We have just begun.
The Economy is sooo good, perhaps the best in our country’s history ( remember, it’s the economy stupid! ), that the Democrats are flailing & lying like CRAZY! Phony books, articles and T. V. “hits” like no other pol has had to endure-and they are losing big. Very dishonest people!
“It is mostly anonymous sources in here, why should anyone trust you? General Mattis, General Kelly said it’s not true.” Bob Woodward is a liar who is like a Dem operative prior to the Midterms. He was caught cold, even by NBC.
“I ’ m taking this book with a grain of salt & everyone should do the same. Multiple sources, but almost every one of them has come out and discredited the claims made by Woodward. You cannot take this book too seriously.” Katelyn Caralle, Washington Examiner
The White House is a “smooth running machine.” We are making some of the biggest and most important deals in our country’s history - with many more to come! The Dems are going crazy!
The White House is running beautifully. We are making some of the greatest and most important deals in our countries history - with many more to come. Big progress!
The Woodward book is a Joke - just another assault against me, in a barrage of assaults, using now disproven unnamed and anonymous sources. Many have already come forward to say the quotes by them, like the book, are fiction. Dems can’t stand losing. I’ll write the real book!
If the Democrats had won the Election in 2016, GDP, which was about 1 % and going down, would have been minus 4 % instead of up 4.2 %. I opened up our beautiful economic engine with Regulation and Tax Cuts. Our system was choking and would have been made worse. Still plenty to do!
The GDP Rate ( 4.2 % ) is higher than the Unemployment Rate ( 3.9 % ) for the first time in over 100 years!
Melania and I wish all Jewish people Shana Tova and send our warmest greetings to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah and the start of the High Holy Days...
... its commitment to denuclearize. ” This is a big and very positive statement from North Korea. Thank you To Chairman Kim. We will both prove everyone wrong! There is nothing like good dialogue from two people that like each other! Much better than before I took office.
North Korea has just staged their parade, celebrating 70th anniversary of founding, without the customary display of nuclear missiles. Theme was peace and economic development. “ Experts believe that North Korea cut out the nuclear missiles to show President Trump...
Wow, NFL first game ratings are way down over an already really bad last year comparison. Viewership declined 13 %, the lowest in over a decade. If the players stood proudly for our Flag and Anthem, and it is all shown on broadcast, maybe ratings could come back? Otherwise worse!
“Trump has set Economic Growth on fire. During his time in office, the economy has achieved feats most experts thought impossible. GDP is growing at a 3 percent-plus rate. The unemployment rate is near a 50 year low.” CNBC... Also, the Stock Market is up almost 50 % since Election!
If the U. S. sells a car into China, there is a tax of 25 %. If China sells a car into the U. S., there is a tax of 2 %. Does anybody think that is FAIR? The days of the U. S. being ripped-off by other nations is OVER!
“Ford has abruptly killed a plan to sell a Chinese-made small vehicle in the U. S. because of the prospect of higher U. S. Tariffs.” CNBC. This is just the beginning. This car can now be BUILT IN THE U. S. A. and Ford will pay no tariffs!
“Barack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators, what’s happening overseas, Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.” Jason Chaffetz
“Barrack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators, what’s happening overseas, Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barrack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.” Jason Chaffetz
Happy Anniversary! #ProudDeplorable
So nice, thank you both!
The Dems have tried every trick in the playbook-call me everything under the sun. But if I ’ m all of those terrible things, how come I beat them so badly, 306-223? Maybe they’re just not very good! The fact is they are going CRAZY only because they know they can’t beat me in 2020!
Republicans are doing really well with the Senate Midterms. Races that we were not even thinking about winning are now very close, or even leading. Election night will be very interesting indeed!
Our Social Media ( and beyond ) Stars, , are terrific people who are doing really well. We are all very proud of them, and their great success!
So true! “Mr. Trump remains the single most popular figure in the Republican Party, whose fealty has helped buoy candidates in competitive Republican primaries and remains a hot commodity among general election candidates.” Nicholas Fandos ,
Apple prices may increase because of the massive Tariffs we may be imposing on China - but there is an easy solution where there would be ZERO tax, and indeed a tax incentive. Make your products in the United States instead of China. Start building new plants now. Exciting! #MAGA
We are breaking all Jobs and Economic Records but, importantly, our Country has TREMENDOUS FUTURE POTENTIAL. We have just begun!
“To this point, President Trump’s achievements are unprecedented.”
Dave Hughes is running for Congress in the Great State of Minnesota. He will help us accomplish our America First policies, is strong on Crime, the Border, our 2nd Amendmen, Trade, Military and Vets. Running against Pelosi Liberal Puppet Petterson. Dave has my Total Endorsement!
14 days for $ 28 MILLION - $ 2 MILLION a day, No Collusion. A great day for America!
“Unprecedented Jobs Growth Streak Continues as Wages Rise”
Under our horrible immigration laws, the Government is frequently blocked from deporting criminal aliens with violent felony convictions. House GOP just passed a bill to increase our ability to deport violent felons ( Crazy Dems opposed ). Need to get this bill to my desk fast!
The Woodward book is a scam. I don’t talk the way I am quoted. If I did I would not have been elected President. These quotes were made up. The author uses every trick in the book to demean and belittle. I wish the people could see the real facts - and our country is doing GREAT!
Matt Rosendale will be a Great Senator from a Great State, Montana! He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border, fight hard for our 2nd Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!
What was Nike thinking?
Thank you Montana, I love you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to go on stage for Matt Rosendale, who will be a great Senator. Jon Tester has let the people of Montana down & does not deserve another six years. Matt is strong on Crime, the Borders, & will save your Second Amendment from the onslaught. Loves our Military & Vets!
Landing in Montana now to support Matt Rosendale for U. S. Senate! #MAGA
Are the investigative “journalists” of the New York Times going to investigate themselves - who is the anonymous letter writer?
Look forward to seeing everyone in Montana tonight! #MAGA
“The record is quite remarkable. The President has faithfully followed the agenda he campaigned on in 2016. People should focus on the results, and they’re extraordinary!” James Freeman - Wall Street Journal
Cosumer confidence highest in 18 years, Atlanta Fed forecasts 4.7 GDP, manufacturing jobs highest in many years. “It’s the story of the Trump Administration, the Economic Success, that’s unnerving his detractors.”
The Deep State and the Left, and their vehicle, the Fake News Media, are going Crazy - & they don’t know what to do. The Economy is booming like never before, Jobs are at Historic Highs, soon TWO Supreme Court Justices & maybe Declassification to find Additional Corruption. Wow!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea proclaims “unwavering faith in President Trump.” Thank you to Chairman Kim. We will get it done together!
I ’ m draining the Swamp, and the Swamp is trying to fight back. Don’t worry, we will win!
Does the so-called “Senior Administration Official” really exist, or is it just the Failing New York Times with another phony source? If the GUTLESS anonymous person does indeed exist, the Times must, for National Security purposes, turn him / her over to government at once!
TREASON?
The Failing New York Times!
Today, it was my honor to welcome the Amir of Kuwait to the!
Join me tomorrow night at 7:00 pm MDT in Billings, Montana for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Get your tickets here:
Thank you General Mattis, book is boring & untrue!
Thank you General Kelly, book is total fiction!
Just like the NFL, whose ratings have gone WAY DOWN, Nike is getting absolutely killed with anger and boycotts. I wonder if they had any idea that it would be this way? As far as the NFL is concerned, I just find it hard to watch, and always will, until they stand for the FLAG!
The Trump Economy is booming with help of House and Senate GOP. #FarmBill with SNAP work requirements will bolster farmers and get America back to work. Pass the Farm Bill with SNAP work requirements!
Almost everyone agrees that my Administration has done more in less than two years than any other Administration in the history of our Country. I ’ m tough as hell on people & if I weren’t, nothing would get done. Also, I question everybody & everything-which is why I got elected!
Isn’t it a shame that someone can write an article or book, totally make up stories and form a picture of a person that is literally the exact opposite of the fact, and get away with it without retribution or cost. Don’t know why Washington politicians don’t change libel laws?
“Secretary Mattis Nukes Woodward Allegations”
Jim Mattis Calls Woodward Book ' Fiction ': ' Product of Someone's Rich Imagination ' via
The already discredited Woodward book, so many lies and phony sources, has me calling Jeff Sessions “mentally retarded ” and “ a dumb southerner.” I said NEITHER, never used those terms on anyone, including Jeff, and being a southerner is a GREAT thing. He made this up to divide!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake NBC News said it’s time for the Press to stop complaining and to start fighting back. Actually Chuck, they’ve been doing that from the day I announced for President. They’ve gone all out, and I WON, and now they’re going CRAZY!
The Woodward book has already been refuted and discredited by General ( Secretary of Defense ) James Mattis and General ( Chief of Staff ) John Kelly. Their quotes were made up frauds, a con on the public. Likewise other stories and quotes. Woodward is a Dem operative? Notice timing?
Statement from White House, Sarah Sanders:
Statement from White House Chief of Staff, General John Kelly:
Statement from Secretary of Defense, James Mattis:
“Judge Brett Kavanaugh is an Exceptionally Qualified and Deserving Nominee for the Supreme Court”
Paul Cook is a decorated Marine Corps Veteran who loves and supports our Military and Vets. He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and supported Tax Cuts for the people of California. Paul has my total and complete Endorsement!
“Pledge to America’s Workers”
... looking to inflict pain and embarrassment to one of the most highly renowned jurists to ever appear before Congress. So sad to see!
The Brett Kavanaugh hearings for the future Justice of the Supreme Court are truly a display of how mean, angry, and despicable the other side is. They will say anything, and are only...
Jon Kyl will be an extraordinary Senator representing an extraordinary state, Arizona. I look forward to working with him!
Everyone in the path of #Gordon please heed the advice of State and local officials and follow for updates. The Federal Government stands ready to assist. Be safe!
NBC FAKE NEWS, which is under intense scrutiny over their killing the Harvey Weinstein story, is now fumbling around making excuses for their probably highly unethical conduct. I have long criticized NBC and their journalistic standards-worse than even CNN. Look at their license?
President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must not recklessly attack Idlib Province. The Russians and Iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take part in this potential human tragedy. Hundreds of thousands of people could be killed. Don’t let that happen!
According to the Failing New York Times, the FBI started a major effort to flip Putin loyalists in 2014-2016. “It wasn’t about Trump, he wasn’t even close to a candidate yet.” Rigged Witch Hunt!
I see that John Kerry, the father of the now terminated Iran deal, is thinking of running for President. I should only be so lucky - although the field that is currently assembling looks really good - FOR ME!
... The Democrats, none of whom voted for Jeff Sessions, must love him now. Same thing with Lyin ’ James Comey. The Dems all hated him, wanted him out, thought he was disgusting - UNTIL I FIRED HIM! Immediately he became a wonderful man, a saint like figure in fact. Really sick!
Two long running, Obama era, investigations of two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge, just ahead of the Mid-Terms, by the Jeff Sessions Justice Department. Two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time. Good job Jeff...
The U. S. is respected again!
Richard Trumka, the head of the AFL-CIO, represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so against the working men and women of our country, and the success of the U. S. itself, that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!
The Worker in America is doing better than ever before. Celebrate Labor Day!
Happy Labor Day! Our country is doing better than ever before with unemployment setting record lows. The U. S. has tremendous upside potential as we go about fixing some of the worst Trade Deals ever made by any country in the world. Big progress being made!
Richard Trumka, the head of the AFL-CIO, represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so againt the working men and women of our country, and the success of the U. S. itself, that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!
... The fact is that African / American unemployment is now the lowest in the history of our country. Same with Asian, Hispanic and almost every other group. The Democrats have been all talk and no action. My Administration has already produced like no other, and everyone sees it!
Tiger Woods showed great class in the way he answered the question about the Office of the Presidency and me. Now they say the so-called “left ” is angry at him. So sad, but the “ center & right” loves Tiger, Kanye, George Foreman, Jim Brown & so many other greats, even more...
“There is no possible way the Trump Tower meeting between Don Trump jr and a couple of Russians, who have very deep connections to both the Clintons & Fusion GPS, & where no information on the Clintons was exchanged, is a crime. Dems are blinded by their hatred of Trump.” Bongino
“No information was ever given by the Trump Team to Russia, yet the Hillary Clinton campaign paid for information from Kremlin sources and just washed it through an intermediary, Christopher Steele.” Jesse Waters
... positions of power. That’s part of the story of the Russia Hoax. Christopher Steele is on the payroll of Hillary Clinton & the FBI, & when they fired him for lying, they continued to use him. Violation of FBI regulations. Kept trying to verify the unverifiable. ”
“ There’s no fairness here, if you’re a Democrat or a friend of Hillary you get immunity or off scott free. If you’re connected to Donald Trump, you get people like Robert Mueller & Andrew Weissman, and his team of partisans, coming after you with a vengeance and abusing their...
We shouldn’t have to buy our friends with bad Trade Deals and Free Military Protection!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
No Deal! Trade Talks with Canada Conclude for the Week with No Agreement | Breitbart via
... Remember, NAFTA was one of the WORST Trade Deals ever made. The U. S. lost thousands of businesses and millions of jobs. We were far better off before NAFTA - should never have been signed. Even the Vat Tax was not accounted for. We make new deal or go back to pre-NAFTA!
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U. S. after decades of abuse, Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere w / these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely & we will be far better off...
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U. S. after decade of abuse, Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere with these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely & we will be far better off..
... Donald Trump, and now we find out that there wasn’t even a hearing - that Donald Trump’s 4th Amendment right to privacy was signed away... and someone in there is swearing that this stuff is true, when it wasn’t? This is the scandal here - a police state. ” Dan Bongino
“ You have a Fake Dossier, gathered by Steele, paid by the Clinton team to get information on Trump. The Dossier is Fake, nothing in it has been verified. It then filters into our American court system in order to spy on Barrack Obama and Hillary Clinton’s political opponent...
... of the DOJ & FBI are completely out to lunch in terms of exposing and holding those accountable who are responsible for that corruption. ”
Report: There were no FISA hearings held over Spy documents. ” It is astonishing that the FISA courts couldn’t hold hearings on Spy Warrants targeting Donald Trump. It isn’t about Carter Page, it’s about the Trump Campaign. You’ve got corruption at the DOJ & FBI. The leadership...
I love Canada, but they’ve taken advantage of our Country for many years!
“I think today what has happened is that news reporting has become part of the adversary system.” Alan Dershowitz It has become tainted and corrupt! DJT
Still can’t believe that Bloomberg violated a firm OFF THE RECORD statement. Will they put out an apology?
Great day in North Carolina where Republicans will do very well!
The ABC / Washington Post Poll was by far the least accurate one 2 weeks out from the 2016 Election. I call it a suppression poll - but by Election Day they brought us, out of shame, to about even. They will never learn!
. just came out at 48 % approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Election Day and higher than President Obama. Rasmussen was one of the most accurate Election Day polls!

“President Donald J. Trump is Strengthening Retirement Security for American Workers”
Wow, I made OFF THE RECORD COMMENTS to Bloomberg concerning Canada, and this powerful understanding was BLATANTLY VIOLATED. Oh well, just more dishonest reporting. I am used to it. At least Canada knows where I stand!
I will be doing a major rally for Senator Ted Cruz in October. I ’ m picking the biggest stadium in Texas we can find. As you know, Ted has my complete and total Endorsement. His opponent is a disaster for Texas - weak on Second Amendment, Crime, Borders, Military, and Vets!
Thank you Indiana, I love you!
CNN is working frantically to find their “source.” Look hard because it doesn’t exist. Whatever was left of CNN’s credibility is now gone!
Will be going to Evansville, Indiana, tonight for a big crowd rally with Mike Braun, a very successful businessman who is campaigning to be Indiana’s next U. S. Senator. He is strong on Crime & Borders, the 2nd Amendment, and loves our Military & Vets. Will be a big night!
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Counsel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!
The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play, even a little bit, with respect to my decision on Don McGahn!
Wow, Nellie Ohr, Bruce Ohr’s wife, is a Russia expert who is fluent in Russian. She worked for Fusion GPS where she was paid a lot. Collusion! Bruce was a boss at the Department of Justice and is, unbelievably, still there!
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Councel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!
The only thing James Comey ever got right was when he said that President Trump was not under investigation!
Ivanka Trump & Jared Kushner had NOTHING to do with the so called “pushing out ” of Don McGahn.The Fake News Media has it, purposely, so wrong! They love to portray chaos in the White House when they know that chaos doesn’t exist-just a “ smooth running machine” with changing parts!
The news from the Financial Markets is even better than anticipated. For all of you that have made a fortune in the markets, or seen your 401k’s rise beyond your wildest expectations, more good news is coming!
I just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is. Truth doesn’t matter to them, they only have their hatred & agenda. This includes fake books, which come out about me all the time, always anonymous sources, and are pure fiction. Enemy of the People!
What’s going on at is happening, to different degrees, at other networks - with being the worst. The good news is that Andy Lack ( y ) is about to be fired (? ) for incompetence, and much worse. When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia, they were hurt badly!
The hatred and extreme bias of me by has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function. But actually, as I have always said, this has been going on for a long time. Little Jeff Z has done a terrible job, his ratings suck, & AT & T should fire him to save credibility!
Watch: Kanye West Says Trump Wants to Be the ‘Greatest President’ for Black Americans via
... charge of the FISA court. He should direct the Presiding Judge, Rosemary Collier, to hold a hearing, haul all of these people from the DOJ & FBI in there, & if she finds there were crimes committed, and there were, there should be a criminal referral by her... ”
“ Ohr told the FBI it ( the Fake Dossier ) wasn’t true, it was a lie and the FBI was determined to use it anyway to damage Trump and to perpetrate a fraud on the court to spy on the Trump campaign. This is a fraud on the court. The Chief Justice of the U. S. Supreme Court is in...
“Lanny Davis admits being anonymous source in CNN Report.” Oh well, so much for CNN saying it wasn’t Lanny. No wonder their ratings are so low, it’s FAKE NEWS!
CNN is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake. Sloppy, a man who lives in the past and thinks like a degenerate fool, making up story after story, is being laughed at all over the country! Fake News
... of money on joint U. S. - South Korea war games. Besides, the President can instantly start the joint exercises again with South Korea, and Japan, if he so chooses. If he does, they will be far bigger than ever before. As for the U. S. – China trade disputes, and other...
... differences, they will be resolved in time by President Trump and China’s great President Xi Jinping. Their relationship and bond remain very strong.
... considerable aid, including money, fuel, fertilizer and various other commodities. This is not helpful! Nonetheless, the President believes that his relationship with Kim Jong Un is a very good and warm one, and there is no reason at this time to be spending large amounts...
STATEMENT FROM THE WHITE HOUSE President Donald J. Trump feels strongly that North Korea is under tremendous pressure from China because of our major trade disputes with the Chinese Government. At the same time, we also know that China is providing North Korea with...
#StopTheBias
How the hell is Bruce Ohr still employed at the Justice Department? Disgraceful! Witch Hunt!
Consumer Confidence Index, just out, is the HIGHEST IN 18 YEARS! Also, GDP revised upward to 4.2 from 4.1. Our country is doing great!
White House Counsel Don McGahn will be leaving his position in the fall, shortly after the confirmation ( hopefully ) of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. I have worked with Don for a long time and truly appreciate his service!
Martha McSally is an extraordinary woman. She was a very talented fighter jet pilot and is now a highly respected member of Congress. She is Strong on Crime, the Border and our under siege 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. Has my total and complete Endorsement!
When you see “anonymous source,” stop reading the story, it is fiction!
“Anonymous Sources are really starting to BURN the media.” The fact is that many anonymous sources don’t even exist. They are fiction made up by the Fake News reporters. Look at the lie that Fake CNN is now in. They got caught red handed! Enemy of the People!
Big Election Wins last night! The Republican Party will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Actually, it is happening faster than anybody thought possible! It is morphing into KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
“Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - there’s no doubt about that!”
“The Obama people did something that’s never been done... They spied on a rival presidential campaign. Would it be OK if Trump did it next? I am losing faith that our system is on the level. I ’ m beginning to think it is rotten & corrupt. Scary stuff Obama did.” DOJ
Not only did Congressman Ron DeSantis easily win the Republican Primary, but his opponent in November is his biggest dream... a failed Socialist Mayor named Andrew Gillum who has allowed crime & many other problems to flourish in his city. This is not what Florida wants or needs!
Martha McSally, running in the Arizona Primary for U. S. Senate, was endorsed by rejected Senator Jeff Flake... and turned it down - a first! Now Martha, a great U. S. Military fighter jet pilot and highly respected member of Congress, WINS BIG. Congratulations, and on to November!
Hillary Clinton’s Emails, many of which are Classified Information, got hacked by China. Next move better be by the FBI & DOJ or, after all of their other missteps ( Comey, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr, FISA, Dirty Dossier etc. ), their credibility will be forever gone!
New Poll - A majority of Americans think that John Brennan and James Comey should have their Security Clearances Revoked. Not surprised!
Our new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS, GROWTH for our country, tearing down TRADE BARRIERS, JOBS and having companies continue to POUR BACK INTO OUR COUNTRY. It will be a big hit!
Add the 2026 World Cup to our long list of accomplishments!
Report just out: “China hacked Hillary Clinton’s private Email Server.” Are they sure it wasn’t Russia ( just kidding! )? What are the odds that the FBI and DOJ are right on top of this? Actually, a very big story. Much classified information!
Congratulations to Governor Rick Scott of Florida on his conclusive Republican Primary Win. He will be a great Senator!
Such a fantastic win for Ron DeSantis and the people of the Great State of Florida. Ron will be a fantastic Governor. On to November!

“Consumer confidence pops in August to highest level since October 2000”
... results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google & others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can & cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
Google search results for “Trump News” shows only the viewing / reporting of Fake News Media. In other words, they have it RIGGED, for me & others, so that almost all stories & news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican / Conservative & Fair Media is shut out. Illegal? 96 % of...
I smile at Senators and others talking about how good free trade is for the U. S. What they don’t say is that we lose Jobs and over 800 Billion Dollars a year on really dumb Trade Deals... and these same countries Tariff us to death. These lawmakers are just fine with this!
NASDAQ has just gone above 8000 for the first time in history!
“President Trump has done more for minority groups in this country than any president in decades.”
... results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google & others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can & cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
Google search results for “Trump News” shows only the viewing / reporting of Fake New Media. In other words, they have it RIGGED, for me & others, so that almost all stories & news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican / Conservative & Fair Media is shut out. Illegal? 96 % of...
VOTE FOR RON!
. Melania and I were honored to welcome the President of the Republic of Kenya, and Mrs. Margaret Kenyatta to the today!
United States-Mexico Trade Agreement:
Governor Doug Ducey of Arizona is doing a great job. It would be really nice to show your support tomorrow by voting for him in Tuesdays Primary. Doug is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military & our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement.
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a special person who has done an incredible job. He is running in Tuesdays Primary for Governor of Florida …. Strong on Crime, Borders and wants Low Taxes. He will be a great Governor and has my full and total Endorsement!
Rick Scott of Florida is doing a fantastic job as Governor. Jobs are pouring into the State and its economic health is better than ever before. He is strong on Crime, Borders, and loves our Military and Vets. Vote for Rick on Tuesday!
A big deal looking good with Mexico!
The Fake News Media worked hard to get Tiger Woods to say something that he didn’t want to say. Tiger wouldn’t play the game - he is very smart. More importantly, he is playing great golf again!
Thank you to the great, perhaps the greatest running back of all time, for your wonderful words and support. Since our meeting in New York, African-American UNEMPLOYMENT has reached the LOWEST LEVEL IN HISTORY. You get it!
Over 90 % approval rating for your all time favorite ( I hope ) President within the Republican Party and 52 % overall. This despite all of the made up stories by the Fake News Media trying endlessly to make me look as bad and evil as possible. Look at the real villains please!
“Mainstream Media tries to rewrite history to credit Obama for Trump accomplishments. Since President Trump took office, the economy is booming. The stronger the economy gets, the more desperate his critics are. O had weakest recovery since Great Depression.”
Fantastic numbers on consumer spending released on Friday. Stock Market hits all time high!
... And it will get, as I have always said, much better from even here!
My deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of Senator John McCain. Our hearts and prayers are with you!
Stock Market hit all time high on Friday. Congratulations U. S. A.!
Our relationship with Mexico is getting closer by the hour. Some really good people within both the new and old government, and all working closely together... A big Trade Agreement with Mexico could be happening soon!
“The FBI looked at less than 1 %” of Crooked’s Emails!
“The FBI only looked at 3000 of 675,000 Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails.” They purposely didn’t look at the disasters. This news is just out.
Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails, many of which are REALLY BAD. Also gave false election info. I feel sure that we will soon be getting to the bottom of all of this corruption. At some point I may have to get involved!
. “Every President deserves an Attorney General they have confidence in. I believe every President has a right to their Cabinet, these are not lifetime appointments. You serve at the pleasure of the President.”
Jeff Sessions said he wouldn’t allow politics to influence him only because he doesn’t understand what is happening underneath his command position. Highly conflicted Bob Mueller and his gang of 17 Angry Dems are having a field day as real corruption goes untouched. No Collusion!
Michaels Cohen’s attorney clarified the record, saying his client does not know if President Trump knew about the Trump Tower meeting ( out of which came nothing! ). The answer is that I did NOT know about the meeting. Just another phony story by the Fake News Media!
Happy birthday Vince, you are truly one of the greats!
Great #StateDinner2018 in Ohio tonight! Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great to see the Senate working on solutions to end the secrecy around ridiculously high drug prices, something I called for in my drug pricing Blueprint. Will now work with the House to help American patients! #AmericanPatientsFirst
Congratulations to new Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison. There are no greater friends than the United States and Australia!
I spoke with Governor David Ige of Hawaii today to express our full support for the people of Hawaii as the State is impacted by #HurricaneLane. The Federal Government is fully committed to helping the people of Hawaii.
Thank you. I love you Ohio!
... Secretary Pompeo looks forward to going to North Korea in the near future, most likely after our Trading relationship with China is resolved. In the meantime I would like to send my warmest regards and respect to Chairman Kim. I look forward to seeing him soon!
... Additionally, because of our much tougher Trading stance with China, I do not believe they are helping with the process of denuclearization as they once were ( despite the UN Sanctions which are in place )...
I have asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo not to go to North Korea, at this time, because I feel we are not making sufficient progress with respect to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula...

Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Can’t do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake News like CNN, whose ratings have suffered gravely. People have to figure out what is real, and what is not, without censorship!
Ex-NSA contractor to spend 63 months in jail over “classified ” information. Gee, this is “ small potatoes” compared to what Hillary Clinton did! So unfair Jeff, Double Standard.
... FISA abuse, Christopher Steele & his phony and corrupt Dossier, the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems - and so much more. Open up the papers & documents without redaction? Come on Jeff, you can do it, the country is waiting!
“Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations. ” Jeff, this is GREAT, what everyone wants, so look into all of the corruption on the “ other side” including deleted Emails, Comey lies & leaks, Mueller conflicts, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr...
Our Economy is setting records on virtually every front - Probably the best our country has ever done. Tremendous value created since the Election. The World is respecting us again! Companies are moving back to the U. S. A.
Target CEO raves about the Economy. “This is the best consumer environment I’ve seen in my career.” A big statement from a top executive. But virtually everybody is saying this, & when our Trade Deals are made, & cost cutting done, you haven’t seen anything yet!
... And according to Polls, would do even better today!
... Cindy has voted for our Agenda in the Senate 100 % of the time and has my complete and total Endorsement. We need Cindy to win in Mississippi!
. has helped me put America First! She’s strong on the Wall, is helping me create Jobs, loves our Vets and fights for our conservative judges...
I have authorized an emergency disaster declaration to provide Hawaii the necessary support ahead of #HurricaneLane. Our teams are closely coordinating with the state and local authorities. You are in our thoughts!
It was my great honor to host the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act Roundtable today at the!



NO COLLUSION - RIGGED WITCH HUNT!
I have asked Secretary of State to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.”
I have asked Secretary of State to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.”
The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. The problem is, they forgot to campaign in numerous states!
I will be interviewed on by tomorrow from 6:00 A. M. to 9:00 A. M. Enjoy!


Longest bull run in the history of the stock market, congratulations America!

Everyone in the path of #HurricaneLane please prepare yourselves, heed the advice of State and local officials, and follow for updates. Be safe!
Thank you to Democrat Assemblyman Dov Hikind of New York for your very gracious remarks on for our deporting a longtime resident Nazi back to Germany! Others worked on this for decades.
Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime. President Obama had a big campaign finance violation and it was easily settled!
A large number of counts, ten, could not even be decided in the Paul Manafort case. Witch Hunt!
I feel very badly for Paul Manafort and his wonderful family. “Justice ” took a 12 year old tax case, among other things, applied tremendous pressure on him and, unlike Michael Cohen, he refused to “ break ” - make up stories in order to get a “ deal.” Such respect for a brave man!
If anyone is looking for a good lawyer, I would strongly suggest that you don’t retain the services of Michael Cohen!
Thank you West Virginia. I love you!
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just landed in West Virginia. Big crowd, looking forward to seeing everyone soon! #MAGA
Join me tonight at the Charleston Civic Center in West Virginia at 7:00 pmE! Tickets:
To the incredible people of the Great State of Wyoming: Go VOTE TODAY for Foster Friess - He will be a fantastic Governor! Strong on Crime, Borders & 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military & our Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
Bill DeBlasio, the high taxing Mayor of NYC, just stole my campaign slogan: PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! That’s not at all nice. No imagination!
Big Rally tonight in West Virginia. Patrick Morrisey is running a GREAT race for U. S. Senate. I have done so much for West Virginia, against all odds, and having Patrick, a real fighter, by my side, would make things so much easier. See you later. CLEAN COAL!!!
I am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the Border into the United States ILLEGALLY! If there were no serious consequences, our country would be overrun with people trying to get in, and our system could not handle it!
Fake News, of which there is sooo much ( this time the very tired New Yorker ) falsely reported that I was going to take the extraordinary step of denying Intelligence Briefings to President Obama. Never discussed or thought of!
Even James Clapper has admonished John Brennan for having gone totally off the rails. Maybe Clapper is being nice to me so he doesn’t lose his Security Clearance for lying to Congress!
A Blue Wave means Crime and Open Borders. A Red Wave means Safety and Strength!
I am hearing so many great things about the Republican Party’s California Gubernatorial Candidate, John Cox. He is a very successful businessman who is tired of high Taxes & Crime. He will Make California Great Again & make you proud of your Great State again. Total Endorsement!
Will be going to the Great State of West Virginia on Tuesday Night to campaign & do a Rally Speech for a hard working and spectacular person, A. G. Patrick Morrisey, who is running for the U. S. Senate. Patrick has great Energy & Stamina-I need his VOTE to MAGA. Total Endorsement!
Just watched former Intelligence Official Phillip Mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful over Brennan’s Security Clearance. Dennard destroyed him but Mudd is in no mental condition to have such a Clearance. Should be REVOKED?
. is an extraordinary woman of great accomplishment & potential. She is running as a very popular Republican for the Congressional seat of my friend Darrell Issa-with his complete support. Diane is strong on crime, loves our Military & Vets-has my total Endorsement!

It is outrageous that Poisonous Synthetic Heroin Fentanyl comes pouring into the U. S. Postal System from China. We can, and must, END THIS NOW! The Senate should pass the STOP ACT – and firmly STOP this poison from killing our children and destroying our country. No more delay!
“Bruce Ohr is at the center of FALSE ALLEGATIONS which led to a multi-million dollar investigation into what apparently didn’t happen. ” Darrell Issa, House Oversight. We can take out the word “ apparently.”
Will Bruce Ohr, whose family received big money for helping to create the phony, dirty and discredited Dossier, ever be fired from the Jeff Sessions “Justice” Department? A total joke!
Everybody wants to keep their Security Clearance, it’s worth great prestige and big dollars, even board seats, and that is why certain people are coming forward to protect Brennan. It certainly isn’t because of the good job he did! He is a political “hack.”
I hope John Brennan, the worst CIA Director in our country’s history, brings a lawsuit. It will then be very easy to get all of his records, texts, emails and documents to show not only the poor job he did, but how he was involved with the Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt. He won’t sue!
Where’s the Collusion? They made up a phony crime called Collusion, and when there was no Collusion they say there was Obstruction ( of a phony crime that never existed ). If you FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt, they scream Obstruction!
... looking for trouble. They are enjoying ruining people’s lives and REFUSE to look at the real corruption on the Democrat side - the lies, the firings, the deleted Emails and sooo much more! Mueller’s Angry Dems are looking to impact the election. They are a National Disgrace!
Disgraced and discredited Bob Mueller and his whole group of Angry Democrat Thugs spent over 30 hours with the White House Councel, only with my approval, for purposes of transparency. Anybody needing that much time when they know there is no Russian Collusion is just someone...
Study the late Joseph McCarthy, because we are now in period with Mueller and his gang that make Joseph McCarthy look like a baby! Rigged Witch Hunt!
Some members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times. They actually called to complain and apologize - a big step forward. From the day I announced, the Times has been Fake News, and with their disgusting new Board Member, it will only get worse!
The Failing New York Times wrote a story that made it seem like the White House Councel had TURNED on the President, when in fact it is just the opposite - & the two Fake reporters knew this. This is why the Fake News Media has become the Enemy of the People. So bad for America!
No Collusion and No Obstruction, except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. All of the resignations and corruption, yet heavily conflicted Bob Mueller refuses to even look in that direction. What about the Brennan, Comey, McCabe, Strzok lies to Congress, or Crooked’s Emails!
... and have demanded transparency so that this Rigged and Disgusting Witch Hunt can come to a close. So many lives have been ruined over nothing - McCarthyism at its WORST! Yet Mueller & his gang of Dems refuse to look at the real crimes on the other side - Media is even worse!
The failing wrote a Fake piece today implying that because White House Councel Don McGahn was giving hours of testimony to the Special Councel, he must be a John Dean type “RAT.” But I allowed him and all others to testify - I didn’t have to. I have nothing to hide...
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Counsel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Councel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
The United States has ended the ridiculous 230 Million Dollar yearly development payment to Syria. Saudi Arabia and other rich countries in the Middle East will start making payments instead of the U. S. I want to develop the U. S., our military and countries that help us!

The Economy is stronger and better than ever before. Importantly, there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time!
Great Job Rachel Campos-Duffy on.
Has anyone looked at the mistakes that John Brennan made while serving as CIA Director? He will go down as easily the WORST in history & since getting out, he has become nothing less than a loudmouth, partisan, political hack who cannot be trusted with the secrets to our country!

All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should start also looking in another direction, China. But in the end, if we are smart, tough and well prepared, we will get along with everyone!
... Too many voices are being destroyed, some good & some bad, and that cannot be allowed to happen. Who is making the choices, because I can already tell you that too many mistakes are being made. Let everybody participate, good & bad, and we will all just have to figure it out!
... Censorship is a very dangerous thing & absolutely impossible to police. If you are weeding out Fake News, there is nothing so Fake as CNN & MSNBC, & yet I do not ask that their sick behavior be removed. I get used to it and watch with a grain of salt, or don’t watch at all..
Social Media is totally discriminating against Republican / Conservative voices. Speaking loudly and clearly for the Trump Administration, we won’t let that happen. They are closing down the opinions of many people on the RIGHT, while at the same time doing nothing to others...
... financial gain is a Federal Gratuity Statute Violation, Bribery Statute Violation, Honest Services Violation... all Major Crimes... because the DOJ is run by BLANK Jeff Sessions... ” Gregg Jarrett. So when does Mueller do what must be done? Probably never!
“ Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, it’s astonishing that he’s still employed. Bruce & Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter & fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal...
“ Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, it’s astonishingthat he’s still employed. Bruce & Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter & fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal...
“Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he was afraid the anti-Trump Russia probe will be exposed.” Charles Payne How much more does Mueller have to see? They have blinders on - RIGGED!

... I say Andrew’s was a bigger and more incompetent blunder. He should easily win his race against a Super Liberal Actress, but his political career is over!
Which is worse, Hightax Andrew Cuomo's statement, “WE ’ RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT ” or Hillary Clinton’s “ DEPLORABLES” statement...
When a politician admits that “We’re not going to make America great again,” there doesn’t seem to be much reason to ever vote for him. This could be a career threatening statement by Andrew Cuomo, with many wanting him to resign-he will get higher ratings than his brother Chris!
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again, just look at the markets, jobs, military - setting records, and we will do even better. Andrew “choked” badly, mistake!
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again, just look at the markets, jobs, military - setting records, and we will do even better. Andrew “chocked” badly, mistake!
The U. S. has more than double the growth rate than it had 18 months ago.
Just announced, youth unemployment is at a 50 year low!
... attend the big parade already scheduled at Andrews Air Force Base on a different date, & go to the Paris parade, celebrating the end of the War, on November 11th. Maybe we will do something next year in D. C. when the cost comes WAY DOWN. Now we can buy some more jet fighters!
The local politicians who run Washington, D. C. ( poorly ) know a windfall when they see it. When asked to give us a price for holding a great celebratory military parade, they wanted a number so ridiculously high that I cancelled it. Never let someone hold you up! I will instead...
How does a politician, Cuomo, known for pushing people and businesses out of his state, not to mention having the highest taxes in the U. S., survive making the statement, WE ’ RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT? Which section of the sentence is worse?
In speaking with some of the world’s top business leaders I asked what it is that would make business ( jobs ) even better in the U. S. “Stop quarterly reporting & go to a six month system,” said one. That would allow greater flexibility & save money. I have asked the SEC to study!
... released in 2017. If his statement is based on intelligence he has seen since leaving office, it constitutes an intelligence breach... ” Richard Burr ( R-NC ) Senate Intel Cmte Chair
“ Director Brennan’s recent statements purport to know as fact that the Trump campaign colluded with a foreign power. If Director Brennan’s statement is based on intelligence he received while leading the CIA, why didn’t he include it in the Intelligence Community Assessment...
“... An incredibly corrupt FBI & DOJ trying to steer the outcome of a Presidential Election. Brennan has gone off the deep end, he’s disgraced and discredited himself. His conduct has been outrageous. ” Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch.
How can “Senator” Richard Blumenthal, who went around for twenty years as a Connecticut politician bragging that he was a great Marine war hero in Vietnam ( then got caught and sobbingly admitted he was neither a Marine nor ever in Vietnam ), pass judgement on anyone? Loser!
. speaking of John Brennan: “How did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be CIA Director in the first place? ” Now that is a really good question! Then followed by “ Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut is a FAKE War Hero...” So true, a total Fake!
“Very concerned about Comey’s firing, afraid they will be exposed,” said Bruce Ohr. DOJ’s Emails & Notes show Bruce Ohr’s connection to ( phony & discredited ) Trump Dossier. A creep thinking he would get caught in a dishonest act. Rigged Witch Hunt!
“While Steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets, he also asked for help with a RUSSIAN Oligarch.” Catherine Herridge of In other words, they were colluding with Russia!
“The FBI received documents from Bruce Ohr ( of the Justice Department & whose wife Nelly worked for Fusion GPS ).” Disgraced and fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok. This is too crazy to be believed! The Rigged Witch Hunt has zero credibility.
Turkey has taken advantage of the United States for many years. They are now holding our wonderful Christian Pastor, who I must now ask to represent our Country as a great patriot hostage. We will pay nothing for the release of an innocent man, but we are cutting back on Turkey!
Thank you for the kind words Omarosa!
Great meeting today at the!
The Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin, is dead. She was a great woman, with a wonderful gift from God, her voice. She will be missed!
There is nothing that I would want more for our Country than true FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. The fact is that the Press is FREE to write and say anything it wants, but much of what it says is FAKE NEWS, pushing a political agenda or just plain trying to hurt people. HONESTY WINS!
The Boston Globe, which was sold to the the Failing New York Times for 1.3 BILLION DOLLARS ( plus 800 million dollars in losses & investment ), or 2.1 BILLION DOLLARS, was then sold by the Times for 1 DOLLAR. Now the Globe is in COLLUSION with other papers on free press. PROVE IT!
THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE OPPOSITION PARTY. It is very bad for our Great Country... BUT WE ARE WINNING!
Our Economy is doing better than ever. Money is pouring into our cherished DOLLAR like rarely before, companies earnings are higher than ever, inflation is low & business optimism is higher than it has ever been. For the first time in many decades, we are protecting our workers!
“I ’ d strip the whole bunch of them. They’re all corrupt. They’ve all abused their power. They’ve all betrayed the American people with a political agenda. They tried to steal and influence an election in the United States.”
Mark Levin “When they had power they didn’t stop the Russians, the Chinese, the North Koreans, they funded the Iranians & are responsible for the greatest scandal in American history by interfering with our election & trying to undermine the Trump Campaign and Trump Presidency.”
“WE ’ RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.” Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U. S., Andrew Cuomo, having a total meltdown!
“WE ’ RE NOT GONG TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.” Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U. S., Andrew Cuomo, having a total meltdown!
“Hillary Clinton clearly got a pass by the FBI. We have the unfortunate situation where they then decided they were going to frame Donald Trump” concerning the Rigged Witch Hunt. JOE DIGENOVA, former U. S. Attorney.
“John Brennan is a stain on the Country, we deserve better than this. ” Former Secret Service Agent and author of new book, “ Spygate, the Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump,” Dan Bongino. Thank you Dan, and good luck with the book!
Chuck Schumer, I agree!
Our Country was built on Tariffs, and Tariffs are now leading us to great new Trade Deals - as opposed to the horrible and unfair Trade Deals that I inherited as your President. Other Countries should not be allowed to come in and steal the wealth of our great U. S. A. No longer!
Happy Birthday to the leader of the Democrat Party, Maxine Waters!
“The action ( the Strzok firing ) was a decisive step in the right direction in correcting the wrongs committed by what has been described as Comey’s skinny inner circle.” Chris Swecker, former FBI Assistant Director.
The Rigged Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on as the “originators and founders” of this scam continue to be fired and demoted for their corrupt and illegal activity. All credibility is gone from this terrible Hoax, and much more will be lost as it proceeds. No Collusion!
My friend and very early supporter Kris Kobach won the Republican Nomination for Governor of Kansas last night in a tough race against a very fine opponent. Kris will win in November and be a great Governor. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
It is about time that Connecticut had a real and talented Governor. Bob Stefanowski is the person needed to do the job. Tough on crime, Bob is also a big cutter of Taxes. He will win in November and make a Great Governor, a major difference maker. Bob has my total Endorsement!
. won big last night in Minnesota. A big star in Hockey, he will be an even bigger star in politics. It all begins with a win in November. Pete has my complete and total Endorsement!
“People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who entered the U. S. legally.” Chuck Schumer in 2009, before he went left and haywire!
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. You will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan, and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
Jeff Johnson of Minnesota had a big night in winning the Republican nomination for Governor against a very strong and well known opponent! Thanks for all of the support you showed me. You have my complete and total Endorsement. You will win in November!
Scott Walker is very special and will have another great win in November. He has done a fantastic job as Governor of Wisconsin and will always have my full support and Endorsement!
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. Your will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan, and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
Congratulations to Leah Vukmir of Wisconsin on your great win last night. You beat a very tough and good competitor and will make a fantastic Senator after winning in November against someone who has done very little. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
“People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who enters the U. S. legally.” Chuck Schumer in 2009, before he went left and haywire!
Great Republican election results last night. So far we have the team we want. 8 for 9 in Special Elections. Red Wave!
“Hope and Change in an Alabama Coal Mine”
Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward... this Special Counsel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou, so true!
Strzok started the illegal Rigged Witch Hunt - why isn’t this so-called “probe” ended immediately? Why aren’t these angry and conflicted Democrats instead looking at Crooked Hillary?
Fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok is a fraud, as is the rigged investigation he started. There was no Collusion or Obstruction with Russia, and everybody, including the Democrats, know it. The only Collusion and Obstruction was by Crooked Hillary, the Democrats and the DNC!
“They were all in on it, clear Hillary Clinton and FRAME Donald Trump for things he didn’t do.” Gregg Jarrett on If we had a real Attorney General, this Witch Hunt would never have been started! Looking at the wrong people.
Bruce Ohr of the “Justice ” Department ( can you believe he is still there ) is accused of helping disgraced Christopher Steele “ find dirt on Trump.” Ohr’s wife, Nelly, was in on the act big time - worked for Fusion GPS on Fake Dossier.
Another terrorist attack in London... These animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength!
When you give a crazed, crying lowlife a break, and give her a job at the White House, I guess it just didn’t work out. Good work by General Kelly for quickly firing that dog!
Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward... this Special Councel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou, so true!
... should be shut down. The Strzok firing shows that the fundamental underpinnings of the investigation were corrupt. It should be shut down by the courts or by honest prosecutors. ” Thank you Judicial Watch, I couldn’t have said it better myself!
... guy was corrupt and had anti-Trump animus. Strzok and others at the FBI should be criminally investigated for the way the conducted this investigation. Instead, Mueller is pretending nothing went wrong. He used Strzok, he used the Clinton DNC Dossier... the whole thing...
Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch: “ The Strzok firing is as much about the Mueller operation as anything else. There would be no Mueller Special Councel to investigate so called collusion but for the machinations of Strzok & his colleagues at the top levels of the FBI. We know this...
... such wonderful and powerful things about me - a true Champion of Civil Rights - until she got fired. Omarosa had Zero credibility with the Media ( they didn’t want interviews ) when she worked in the White House. Now that she says bad about me, they will talk to her. Fake News!
. called to say that there are NO TAPES of the Apprentice where I used such a terrible and disgusting word as attributed by Wacky and Deranged Omarosa. I don’t have that word in my vocabulary, and never have. She made it up. Look at her MANY recent quotes saying...

Scott Walker of Wisconsin is a tremendous Governor who has done incredible things for that Great State. He has my complete & total Endorsement! He brought the amazing Foxconn to Wisconsin with its 15,000 Jobs-and so much more. Vote for Scott on Tuesday in the Republican Primary!
“Trump’s foreign policy is actually boosting America’s standing”
It was my great honor to sign our new Defense Bill into law and to pay tribute to the greatest soldiers in the history of the world: THE U. S. ARMY. The National Defense Authorization Act is the most significant investment in our Military and our warfighters in modern history!
Pete Stauber is running for Congress in Minnesota. He will make for a great Congressman. Pete is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Vote for Pete tomorrow. He has my full and total Endorsement!
Great to be in Fort Drum, New York with our HEROES!
Just landed at Fort Drum, New York. Looking forward to making a speech about our GREAT HEROES!
Wacky Omarosa already has a fully signed Non-Disclosure Agreement!
Just fired Agent Strzok, formerly of the FBI, was in charge of the Crooked Hillary Clinton sham investigation. It was a total fraud on the American public and should be properly redone!
Agent Peter Strzok was just fired from the FBI - finally. The list of bad players in the FBI & DOJ gets longer & longer. Based on the fact that Strzok was in charge of the Witch Hunt, will it be dropped? It is a total Hoax. No Collusion, No Obstruction - I just fight back!
The very unpopular Governor of Ohio ( and failed presidential candidate ) hurt Troy Balderson’s recent win by tamping down enthusiasm for an otherwise great candidate. Even Kasich’s Lt. Governor lost Gov. race because of his unpopularity. Credit to Troy on the BIG WIN!
While I know it’s “not presidential” to take on a lowlife like Omarosa, and while I would rather not be doing so, this is a modern day form of communication and I know the Fake News Media will be working overtime to make even Wacky Omarosa look legitimate as possible. Sorry!
... really bad things. Nasty to people & would constantly miss meetings & work. When Gen. Kelly came on board he told me she was a loser & nothing but problems. I told him to try working it out, if possible, because she only said GREAT things about me - until she got fired!
Wacky Omarosa, who got fired 3 times on the Apprentice, now got fired for the last time. She never made it, never will. She begged me for a job, tears in her eyes, I said Ok. People in the White House hated her. She was vicious, but not smart. I would rarely see her but heard...
“Seems like the Department of Justice ( and FBI ) had a program to keep Donald Trump from becoming President”. If this had happened to the other side, everybody involved would be in jail. This is a Media coverup of the biggest story of our time.
Many owners plan to boycott the company if manufacturing moves overseas. Great! Most other companies are coming in our direction, including Harley competitors. A really bad move! U. S. will soon have a level playing field, or better.
. “Your paycheck is bigger, your pension is stronger.” Unemployment numbers are better than they have been in 50 years, & perhaps ever. Our country is booming like never before - and it will get even better! Many companies moving back to the U. S. A.
. “Bob Mueller, isn’t your whole investigation premised on a Fake Dossier, paid for by Hillary, created by a man who hates Donald Trump, & used to con a FISA Court Judge. Bob, I really think it’s time for you to give up your phony investigation.” No Collusion!
Bikers for Trump at Bedminster earlier today. Thank you!
Hundreds of Bikers for Trump just joined me at Bedminster. Quite a scene - great people who truly love our Country!
... Do you believe Nelly worked for Fusion and her husband STILL WORKS FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF “JUSTICE.” I have never seen anything so Rigged in my life. Our A. G. is scared stiff and Missing in Action. It is all starting to be revealed - not pretty. IG Report soon? Witch Hunt!
The big story that the Fake News Media refuses to report is lowlife Christopher Steele’s many meetings with Deputy A. G. Bruce Ohr and his beautiful wife, Nelly. It was Fusion GPS that hired Steele to write the phony & discredited Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary & the DNC...
I am proud to have fought for and secured the LOWEST African American and Hispanic unemployment rates in history. Now I ’ m pushing for prison reform to give people who have paid their debt to society a second chance. I will never stop fighting for ALL Americans!
The riots in Charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division. We must come together as a nation. I condemn all types of racism and acts of violence. Peace to ALL Americans!
... Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation, so badly damaged by Comey, McCabe, Peter S and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!
Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text messages to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one ( I may have to get involved, DO NOT DESTROY ). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people...
... Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation, so badly damaged by Comey, McCabe, Peter S and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!
Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text massages to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one ( I may have to get involved, DO NOT DESTROY ). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people...
Deal with Mexico is coming along nicely. Autoworkers and farmers must be taken care of or there will be no deal. New President of Mexico has been an absolute gentleman. Canada must wait. Their Tariffs and Trade Barriers are far too high. Will tax cars if we can’t make a deal!
Thank you to Kanye West and the fact that he is willing to tell the TRUTH. One new and great FACT - African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in the history of our Country. So honored by this. Thank you Kanye for your support. It is making a big difference!
Had a very good phone call with, President of France. Discussed various subjects, in particular Security and Trade. Many other calls and conversations today. Looking forward to dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. He is investing big dollars in U. S. A.
Democrats, please do not distance yourselves from Nancy Pelosi. She is a wonderful person whose ideas & policies may be bad, but who should definitely be given a 4th chance. She is trying very hard & has every right to take down the Democrat Party if she has veered too far left!
I have just authorized a doubling of Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum with respect to Turkey as their currency, the Turkish Lira, slides rapidly downward against our very strong Dollar! Aluminum will now be 20 % and Steel 50 %. Our relations with Turkey are not good at this time!
... Be happy, be cool! A football game, that fans are paying sooo much money to watch and enjoy, is no place to protest. Most of that money goes to the players anyway. Find another way to protest. Stand proudly for your National Anthem or be Suspended Without Pay!
The NFL players are at it again - taking a knee when they should be standing proudly for the National Anthem. Numerous players, from different teams, wanted to show their “outrage” at something that most of them are unable to define. They make a fortune doing what they love...
. “No evidence to launch even an investigation into potential collusion between Donald Trump and the Russians - and here we are, a year and a half later.”
Jenna Ellis “FBI thought they wouldn’t get caught because they thought that Hillary was going to win. There is overt bias and that depends on whether you are Democrat or Republican - a double standard that needs to stop.”
“Why didn’t the FBI tell President Trump that they had concerns about Carter Page? Is there a double standard here?” They told Senator Diane Feinstein that she had a spy - but not Trump. Is that entrapment or did they just want to use Page as an excuse to SPY?
Congressman Ted Yoho of Florida is doing a fantastic job and has my complete and total Endorsement! Tough on Crime and Borders, Ted was really helpful on Tax Cuts. Vote all the way for Ted in the upcoming Primary - he will never let you down!
Space Force all the way!
This is an illegally brought Rigged Witch Hunt run by people who are totally corrupt and / or conflicted. It was started and paid for by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. Phony Dossier, FISA disgrace and so many lying and dishonest people already fired. 17 Angry Dems? Stay tuned!
“There has been no evidence whatsoever that Donald Trump or the campaign was involved in any kind of collusion to fix the 2016 election. In fact the evidence is the opposite, that Hillary Clinton & the Democrats colluded with the Russians to fix the 2016 election.”
RED WAVE!
Congratulations to of Michigan on a job well done. Also, thanks for your great support!
As long as I campaign and / or support Senate and House candidates ( within reason ), they will win! I LOVE the people, & they certainly seem to like the job I ’ m doing. If I find the time, in between China, Iran, the Economy and much more, which I must, we will have a giant Red Wave!
The Republicans have now won 8 out of 9 House Seats, yet if you listen to the Fake News Media you would think we are being clobbered. Why can’t they play it straight, so unfair to the Republican Party and in particular, your favorite President!
5 for 5!
Congratulations to Josh Hawley on your big Senate Primary win in Missouri. I look forward to working with you toward a big win in November. We need you in Washington!
Congratulations to Bill Schuette. You will have a Big win in November and be a tremendous Governor for the Great State of Michigan. Lots of car and other companies moving back!
Congratulations to a future STAR of the Republican Party, future Senator John James. A big and bold victory tonight in the Great State of Michigan - the first of many. November can’t come fast enough!
... Congratulations to Troy Balderson on a great win in Ohio. A very special and important race!
When I decided to go to Ohio for Troy Balderson, he was down in early voting 64 to 36. That was not good. After my speech on Saturday night, there was a big turn for the better. Now Troy wins a great victory during a very tough time of the year for voting. He will win BIG in Nov.
Today, on the 236th anniversary of the Purple Heart, we honor the members of our Armed Forces for serving as the vanguard of American democracy and freedom around the world. #PurpleHeartDay
Ohio, vote today for Troy Balderson for Congress. His opponent, controlled by Nancy Pelosi, is weak on Crime, the Border, Military, Vets, your 2nd Amendment - and will end your Tax Cuts. Troy will be a great Congressman. #MAGA
The Iran sanctions have officially been cast. These are the most biting sanctions ever imposed, and in November they ratchet up to yet another level. Anyone doing business with Iran will NOT be doing business with the United States. I am asking for WORLD PEACE, nothing less!
California wildfires are being magnified & made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amounts of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire from spreading!
Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE, the brave men and women that are protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry, we can’t let that happen! Also, change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!
Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE, the brave men and women that our protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry, we can’t let that happen! Also, change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!
John James is a potential Republican Star who has a Senate primary election tomorrow in Michigan. If he becomes the Republican candidate, he will beat the Open Borders, weak on Crime, Democrat, Debbie Stabenow. Vote for John James and Make America Great Again!
Governor Jerry Brown must allow the Free Flow of the vast amounts of water coming from the North and foolishly being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Can be used for fires, farming and everything else. Think of California with plenty of Water - Nice! Fast Federal govt. approvals.
Kris Kobach, a strong and early supporter of mine, is running for Governor of the Great State of Kansas. He is a fantastic guy who loves his State and our Country - he will be a GREAT Governor and has my full & total Endorsement! Strong on Crime, Border & Military. VOTE TUESDAY!
Great financial numbers being announced on an almost daily basis. Economy has never been better, jobs at best point in history. Fixing our terrible Trade Deals is a priority-and going very well. Immigration on Merit Based System to take care of the companies coming back to U. S. A.
... a law firm, eventually Kremlin connected sources, to gather info on Donald Trump. Collusion is very real with Russia, but only with Hillary and the Democrats, and we should demand a full investigation. ” Dan Bongino on Looking forward to the new IG Report!
“ Collusion with Russia was very real. Hillary Clinton and her team 100 % colluded with the Russians, and so did Adam Schiff who is on tape trying to collude with what he thought was Russians to obtain compromising material on DJT. We also know that Hillary Clinton paid through...
California wildfires are being magnified & made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire spreading!
Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy, military and just about everything else. Better numbers than Obama at this point, by far. We are winning on just about every front and for that reason there will not be a Blue Wave, but there might be a Red Wave!
Too bad a large portion of the Media refuses to report the lies and corruption having to do with the Rigged Witch Hunt - but that is why we call them FAKE NEWS!
... Why aren’t Mueller and the 17 Angry Democrats looking at the meetings concerning the Fake Dossier and all of the lying that went on in the FBI and DOJ? This is the most one sided Witch Hunt in the history of our country. Fortunately, the facts are all coming out, and fast!
Fake News reporting, a complete fabrication, that I am concerned about the meeting my wonderful son, Donald, had in Trump Tower. This was a meeting to get information on an opponent, totally legal and done all the time in politics - and it went nowhere. I did not know about it!
.. Because of Tariffs we will be able to start paying down large amounts of the $ 21 Trillion in debt that has been accumulated, much by the Obama Administration, while at the same time reducing taxes for our people. At minimum, we will make much better Trade Deals for our country!
Tariffs are working big time. Every country on earth wants to take wealth out of the U. S., always to our detriment. I say, as they come, Tax them. If they don’t want to be taxed, let them make or build the product in the U. S. In either event, it means jobs and great wealth...
The Fake News hates me saying that they are the Enemy of the People only because they know it’s TRUE. I am providing a great service by explaining this to the American People. They purposely cause great division & distrust. They can also cause War! They are very dangerous & sick!
... Danny O’ Connor is a total puppet for Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters – Danny wants to raise your taxes, open your borders, and take away your 2nd Amendment. Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
A great night in Ohio’s 12th Congressional District with Troy Balderson! Troy loves Ohio, and he loves the people of Ohio. He will be fighting for you all the way...
Thank you Ohio. I love you!
Iran, and it’s economy, is going very bad, and fast! I will meet, or not meet, it doesn’t matter - it is up to them!
Heading to Ohio!
... China, which is for the first time doing poorly against us, is spending a fortune on ads and P. R. trying to convince and scare our politicians to fight me on Tariffs - because they are really hurting their economy. Likewise other countries. We are Winning, but must be strong!
... Tariffs will make our country much richer than it is today. Only fools would disagree. We are using them to negotiate fair trade deals and, if countries are still unwilling to negotiate, they will pay us vast sums of money in the form of Tariffs. We win either way...
... Tariffs have had a tremendous positive impact on our Steel Industry. Plants are opening all over the U. S., Steelworkers are working again, and big dollars are flowing into our Treasury. Other countries use Tariffs against, but when we use them, foolish people scream!
Tariffs are working far better than anyone ever anticipated. China market has dropped 27 % in last 4months, and they are talking to us. Our market is stronger than ever, and will go up dramatically when these horrible Trade Deals are successfully renegotiated. America First...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Troy Balderson, running for Congress from Ohio, is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying about his relationship with Nancy Pelosi, who is weak on Crime, Borders & your 2nd Amendment-and wants to raise your Taxes ( by a lot ). Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
Will be going to Ohio tonight to campaign for Troy Balderson for the big Congressional Special Election on Tuesday. Early voting is on. Troy is strong on Crime, the Border & loves our Military, Vets & 2nd Amendment. His opponent is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi / high taxes.
Lebron James was just interviewed by the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon. He made Lebron look smart, which isn’t easy to do. I like Mike!
... Dianne is the person leading our Nation on “Collusion” with Russia ( only done by Dems ). Will she now investigate herself?
Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett on his book, “THE RUSSIA HOAX, THE ILLICIT SCHEME TO CLEAR HILLARY CLINTON AND FRAME DONALD TRUMP,” going to # 1 on and Amazon. It is indeed a HOAX and WITCH HUNT, illegally started by people who have already been disgraced. Great book!
Great photo from Ocean City, Maryland. Thank you. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Almost 500,000 Manufacturing Jobs created since I won the Election. Remember when my opponents were saying that we couldn’t create this type of job anymore. Wrong, in fact these are among our best and most important jobs!
“The media are good news fire extinguishers!”
NASA, which is making a BIG comeback under the Trump Administration, has just named 9 astronauts for Boeing and Spacex space flights. We have the greatest facilities in the world and we are now letting the private sector pay to use them. Exciting things happening. Space Force!
July is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4 %. Our economy has added 3.7 million jobs since I won the Election. 4.1 GDP. More than 4 million people have received a pay raise due to tax reform. $ 400 Billion brought back from “overseas.”
Marsha Blackburn had a BIG win last night in the Tennessee primary for U. S. Senate. She is an outstanding person & great supporter of mine. Congratulations Marsha, we need you very badly in the Senate to vote for our agenda. Your next opponent will vote against all we are doing!
“Pastor praises Trump as ' pro-black ' at prison reform event”
Congratulations Marsha!
Congratulations to Bill Lee of Tennessee on his big primary win for Governor last night. He ran a great campaign and now will finish off the job in November. Bill has my total and enthusiastic Endorsement!
Thank you Pennsylvania. I love you!
They asked my daughter Ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people. She correctly said no. It is the FAKE NEWS, which is a large percentage of the media, that is the enemy of the people!
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Ohio on Saturday night where I will be campaigning hard for a truly talented future Congressman,. See you all then! Tickets:
When the House and Senate meet on the very important Farm Bill – we love our farmers - hopefully they will be able to leave the WORK REQUIREMENTS FOR FOOD STAMPS PROVISION that the House approved. Senate should go to 51 votes!
Pennsylvania has to love Trump because unlike all of the others before me, I am bringing STEEL BACK in a VERY BIG way. Plants opening up in Pennsylvania, and all over the Country, and Congressman Lou Barletta, who is running for the Senate in Pennsylvania, is really helping!
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the Election. Will be campaigning hard for an original supporter, Lou Barletta, to replace a weak an ineffective Senator, Bob Casey. Lou is tough and smart, loves PA and our Country!
Congressman Steve Stivers of Ohio has done a fantastic job as Chairman of the. He is a great Congressman who is tough on crime & borders & an inspiration to our Military & Vets. Big on 2nd Amendment. Get out and vote for Steve on Aug 7th. He has my full & total endorsement!
Working hard, thank you!
Wow, is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings. Morning Joe is a dead show with very few people watching and sadly, Fake News CNN is also doing poorly. Too much hate and inaccurately reported stories - too predictable!
Charles Koch of Koch Brothers, who claims to be giving away millions of dollars to politicians even though I know very few who have seen this (? ), now makes the ridiculous statement that what President Trump is doing is unfair to “foreign workers.” He is correct, AMERICA FIRST!
Thank you to Chairman Kim Jong Un for keeping your word & starting the process of sending home the remains of our great and beloved missing fallen! I am not at all surprised that you took this kind action. Also, thank you for your nice letter - l look forward to seeing you soon!
Congratulations to on The TREMENDOUS success of his just out book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton & Frame Donald Trump.” Already number one on Amazon. Hard work from a brilliant guy. It’s the Real Story of the Rigged Witch Hunt!
Incredibly beautiful ceremony as U. S. Korean War remains are returned to American soil. Thank you to Honolulu and all of our great Military participants on a job well done. A special thanks to Vice President Mike Pence on delivering a truly magnificent tribute!
“Private payrolls boom in July, increasing by 219,000 vs 185,000 estimate: ADP”
Join me tomorrow night at 7pmE in Wilkes-Barre Township, Pennsylvania for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets:
#PledgeToAmericasWorkers
It was my great honor to be joined by leading pastors and faith leaders from across our Nation today at the!
“We already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen, Washington Post
Looking back on history, who was treated worse, Alfonse Capone, legendary mob boss, killer and “Public Enemy Number One,” or Paul Manafort, political operative & Reagan / Dole darling, now serving solitary confinement - although convicted of nothing? Where is the Russian Collusion?
“We already have a smocking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen, Washington Post
Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX. The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was, along with Comey, McCabe, Strzok and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, used to begin the Witch Hunt. Disgraceful!
Paul Manafort worked for Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other highly prominent and respected political leaders. He worked for me for a very short time. Why didn’t government tell me that he was under investigation. These old charges have nothing to do with Collusion - a Hoax!
.. This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further. Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!
... remain in the FBI while he himself was being investigated. This is a real issue. It won’t go into a Mueller Report because Mueller is going to protect these guys. Mueller has an interest in creating the illusion of objectivity around his investigation. ” ALAN DERSHOWITZ...
“ FBI Agent Peter Strzok ( on the Mueller team ) should have recused himself on day one. He was out to STOP THE ELECTION OF DONALD TRUMP. He needed an insurance policy. Those are illegal, improper goals, trying to influence the Election. He should never, ever been allowed to...
Thank you Florida. I love you!
On my way to Tampa, Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon!
“Worker pay rate hits highest level since 2008”
... Border Security is National Security, and National Security is the long-term viability of our Country. A Government Shutdown is a very small price to pay for a safe and Prosperous America!
I don’t care what the political ramifications are, our immigration laws and border security have been a complete and total disaster for decades, and there is no way that the Democrats will allow it to be fixed without a Government Shutdown...
. has a Primary on August 21st. He doesn’t need any help because he is absolutely outstanding in every way, but I hope the great people of Wyoming will go out and show their support anyway. John is absolutely top of the line & has my Complete & Total Endorsement!
Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday, August 2nd. He has my Full and Total Endorsement!
The Fake News Media is going CRAZY! They are totally unhinged and in many ways, after witnessing first hand the damage they do to so many innocent and decent people, I enjoy watching. In 7 years, when I am no longer in office, their ratings will dry up and they will be gone!
Will be in Tampa tonight. A big year for, who will be a great governor for Florida. Strong on Crime, Borders and our 2nd Amendment. Big help on Tax & Regulation Cuts. Loves our Military & our Vets. Has my Full & Total Endorsement!
I am looking into 3 - D Plastic Guns being sold to the public. Already spoke to NRA, doesn’t seem to make much sense!
Collusion is not a crime, but that doesn’t matter because there was No Collusion ( except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats )!
One of the reasons we need Great Border Security is that Mexico’s murder rate in 2017 increased by 27 % to 31,174 people killed, a record! The Democrats want Open Borders. I want Maximum Border Security and respect for ICE and our great Law Enforcement Professionals!
Rush Limbaugh is a great guy who truly gets it!
... them richer. Their network is highly overrated, I have beaten them at every turn. They want to protect their companies outside the U. S. from being taxed, I ’ m for America First & the American Worker - a puppet for no one. Two nice guys with bad ideas. Make America Great Again!
The globalist Koch Brothers, who have become a total joke in real Republican circles, are against Strong Borders and Powerful Trade. I never sought their support because I don’t need their money or bad ideas. They love my Tax & Regulation Cuts, Judicial picks & more. I made...
A highly respected Federal judge today stated that the “Trump Administration gets great credit” for reuniting illegal families. Thank you, and please look at the previous administrations record - not good!
Congratulations to our new Secretary, Robert Wilkie!
Thank you to for your YES on a future great Justice of the Supreme Court, Brett Kavanaugh. Your vote means a lot to me, and to everyone who loves our Country!
... that Open Borders, large scale Crime, and abolishing ICE is good for them, we must get smart and finally do what must be done for the Safety and Security of our Country!
Illegal immigration is a top National Security problem. After decades of playing games, with the whole World laughing at the stupidity of our immigration laws, and with Democrats thinking...
Congratulations to Judge Jeanine on the tremendous success of her new # 1 best-selling book, “Liars, Leakers, and Liberals – The Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy!”
... your Social Security and Medicare! Cast your early vote, or vote on August 7th, Election Day. He has my full and total Endorsement!
. of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Troy is strong on crime and Borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. Troy will strongly protect...
Congratulations to General John Kelly. Today we celebrate his first full year as Chief of Staff!
🇺 🇸 🇮 🇹
It is my great honor to welcome Prime Minister of Italy to the! Join us at 2:00 pmE for our joint press conference:
We must have Border Security, get rid of Chain, Lottery, Catch & Release Sanctuary Cities - go to Merit based Immigration. Protect ICE and Law Enforcement and, of course, keep building, but much faster, THE WALL!
... Also, why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems, some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary, others, including himself, have worked for Obama... And why isn’t Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity & real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta, Dossier?
Is Robert Mueller ever going to release his conflicts of interest with respect to President Trump, including the fact that we had a very nasty & contentious business relationship, I turned him down to head the FBI ( one day before appointment as S. C. ) & Comey is his close friend..
There is No Collusion! The Robert Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt, headed now by 17 ( increased from 13, including an Obama White House lawyer ) Angry Democrats, was started by a fraudulent Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. Therefore, the Witch Hunt is an illegal Scam!
... and the Amazon Washington Post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements - and they will never change!
... accurately. 90 % of media coverage of my Administration is negative, despite the tremendously positive results we are achieving, it’s no surprise that confidence in the media is at an all time low! I will not allow our great country to be sold out by anti-Trump haters in the...
... dying newspaper industry. No matter how much they try to distract and cover it up, our country is making great progress under my leadership and I will never stop fighting for the American people! As an example, the failing New York Times...
When the media - driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome - reveals internal deliberations of our government, it truly puts the lives of many, not just journalists, at risk! Very unpatriotic! Freedom of the press also comes with a responsibility to report the news...
I would be willing to “shut down” government if the Democrats do not give us the votes for Border Security, which includes the Wall! Must get rid of Lottery, Catch & Release etc. and finally go to system of Immigration based on MERIT! We need great people coming into our Country!
The biggest and best results coming out of the good GDP report was that the quarterly Trade Deficit has been reduced by $ 52 Billion and, of course, the historically low unemployment numbers, especially for African Americans, Hispanics, Asians and Women.
Had a very good and interesting meeting at the White House with A. G. Sulzberger, Publisher of the New York Times. Spent much time talking about the vast amounts of Fake News being put out by the media & how that Fake News has morphed into phrase, “Enemy of the People.” Sad!
Please understand, there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally, whether they have children or not - and many are just using children for their own sinister purposes. Congress must act on fixing the DUMBEST & WORST immigration laws anywhere in the world! Vote “R”
Do you think the Fake News Media will ever report on this tweet from Michael?
Wow, highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan. There must be something wrong, please recheck that poll!
Tom Homan, fmr ICE Director: “There is nobody that has done more for border security & public safety than President Trump. I’ve worked for six presidents, and I respect them all, but nobody has done more than this Administration & President Trump, that’s just a stone cold fact!”
Join me in Tampa, Florida next Tuesday, July 31st at 7:00 pmE for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets:
The only things the Democrats do well is “Resist, ” which is their campaign slogan, and “ Obstruct. ” Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer has almost 400 great American people that are waiting “ forever” to serve our Country! A total disgrace. Mitch M should not let them go home until all approved!
Democrats, who want Open Borders and care little about Crime, are incompetent, but they have the Fake News Media almost totally on their side!
Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday, August 2nd. He has my full and total Endorsement!
Private business investment has surged from 1.8 percent the year BEFORE I came into office to 9.4 percent this year - - that means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
The’s first female Admiral, Alene Duerk once said: “It was a nice distinction to have, and to be recognized as the first, but I wanted to make certain that I used that notoriety to do as much positive as I could.” Alene did just that, and America is forever grateful!
We have accomplished an economic turnaround of HISTORIC proportions!
I am thrilled to announce that in the second quarter of this year, the U. S. Economy grew at the amazing rate of 4.1 %!
. of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Cast you early vote or vote on August 7th. Troy is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He has my full and total Endorsement!
., who is running in the Republican Primary in the great state of Michigan, is SPECTACULAR! Vote on August 7th. Rarely have I seen a candidate with such great potential. West Point graduate, successful businessman and a African American leader...
... John is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. He has my full and total Endorsement!
GREAT GDP numbers just released. Will be having a news conference soon!
... I did NOT know of the meeting with my son, Don jr. Sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in order to get himself out of an unrelated jam ( Taxi cabs maybe? ). He even retained Bill and Crooked Hillary’s lawyer. Gee, I wonder if they helped him make the choice!
..., the only Collusion with Russia was with the Democrats, so now they are looking at my Tweets ( along with 53 million other people ) - the rigged Witch Hunt continues! How stupid and unfair to our Country... And so the Fake News doesn’t waste my time with dumb questions, NO,...
Arrived back in Washington last night from a very emotional reopening of a major U. S. Steel plant in Granite City, Illinois, only to be greeted with the ridiculous news that the highly conflicted Robert Mueller and his gang of 13 Angry Democrats obviously cannot find Collusion...
Way to go Jerry. This is what the league should do!
The Remains of American Servicemen will soon be leaving North Korea and heading to the United States! After so many years, this will be a great moment for so many families. Thank you to Kim Jong Un.
America is OPEN FOR BUSINESS and U. S. Steel is back!
... called “The Case Against Impeaching Trump,” which I would encourage all people with Trump Derangement Syndrome to read!
., a brilliant lawyer, who although a Liberal Democrat who probably didn’t vote for me, has discussed the Witch Hunt with great clarity and in a very positive way. He has written a new and very important book...
PROMISES KEPT!
Thank you and Granite City, Illinois!
The United States will impose large sanctions on Turkey for their long time detainment of Pastor Andrew Brunson, a great Christian, family man and wonderful human being. He is suffering greatly. This innocent man of faith should be released immediately!
This is great - on my way, see you soon Kim Reynolds!
Heading to Dubuque, Iowa and then Granite City, Illinois. Looking forward to being with many great friends!
Twitter “SHADOW BANNING” prominent Republicans. Not good. We will look into this discriminatory and illegal practice at once! Many complaints.
European Union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately. Also, they will be buying vast amounts of LNG!
Great to be back on track with the European Union. This was a big day for free and fair trade!
Thank you Georgia! They say that my endorsement last week of Brian Kemp, in the Republican Primary for Governor against a very worthy opponent, lifted him from 5 points down to a 70 % to 30 % victory! Two very good and talented men in a great race, but congratulations to Brian!
Obviously the European Union, as represented by and the United States, as represented by yours truly, love each other!
... along quickly. European Union Nations will be open to the United States and at the same time benefiting by everything we are doing for them. There was great warmth and feeling in the room - a breakthrough has been quickly made that nobody thought possible!
Great meeting on Trade today with and representatives of the European Union. We have come to a very strong understanding and are all believers in no tariffs, no barriers and no subsidies. Work on documents has already started and the process is moving...
Thank you very much, working hard!
Sergio Marchionne, who passed away today, was one of the most brilliant & successful car executives since the days of the legendary Henry Ford. It was a great honor for me to get to know Sergio as POTUS, he loved the car industry, and fought hard for it. He will be truly missed!
This week, my Administration is hosting the first-ever #IRFMinisterial. The U. S. will continue to promote #ReligiousFreedom around the world. Nations that support religious freedom are far more free, prosperous & peaceful. Great job, ,, &!
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on your very big win in Georgia last night. Wow, 69-30, those are big numbers. Now go win against the open border, crime loving opponent that the Democrats have given you. She is weak on Vets, the Military and the 2nd Amendment. Win!
What kind of a lawyer would tape a client? So sad! Is this a first, never heard of it before? Why was the tape so abruptly terminated ( cut ) while I was presumably saying positive things? I hear there are other clients and many reporters that are taped - can this be so? Too bad!
China is targeting our farmers, who they know I love & respect, as a way of getting me to continue allowing them to take advantage of the U. S. They are being vicious in what will be their failed attempt. We were being nice - until now! China made $ 517 Billion on us last year.
When you have people snipping at your heels during a negotiation, it will only take longer to make a deal, and the deal will never be as good as it could have been with unity. Negotiations are going really well, be cool. The end result will be worth it!
Every time I see a weak politician asking to stop Trade talks or the use of Tariffs to counter unfair Tariffs, I wonder, what can they be thinking? Are we just going to continue and let our farmers and country get ripped off? Lost $ 817 Billion on Trade last year. No weakness!
“The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton & Frame Donald Trump” is a Hot Seller, already Number One! More importantly, it is a great book that everyone is talking about. It covers the Rigged Witch Hunt brilliantly. Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett!
So sad and unfair that the FCC wouldn’t approve the Sinclair Broadcast merger with Tribune. This would have been a great and much needed Conservative voice for and of the People. Liberal Fake News NBC and Comcast gets approved, much bigger, but not Sinclair. Disgraceful!
The European Union is coming to Washington tomorrow to negotiate a deal on Trade. I have an idea for them. Both the U. S. and the E. U. drop all Tariffs, Barriers and Subsidies! That would finally be called Free Market and Fair Trade! Hope they do it, we are ready - but they won’t!
Today, it was my great honor to be in Kansas City, Missouri to pay tribute to the men and women who make FREEDOM possible! Thank you! #VFWConvention
On the heels of the VERY successful launch of the National Council for the American Worker, Congress should reauthorize #PerkinsCTE and ensure the American workforce remains stronger than EVER! #Jobs #Workforce
I want to thank the for your devotion to our fallen heroes, unknown soldiers, Prisoners of War, those Missing in Action, and their families. #VFWConvention
#VFWConvention
I ’ m very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election. Based on the fact that no President has been tougher on Russia than me, they will be pushing very hard for the Democrats. They definitely don’t want Trump!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Heading to Missouri to be with many of my great friends. VFW here we come!
Our Country is doing GREAT. Best financial numbers on the Planet. Great to have USA WINNING AGAIN!
Today is the day to vote for Brian Kemp. Will be great for Georgia, full Endorsement!
Tariffs are the greatest! Either a country which has treated the United States unfairly on Trade negotiates a fair deal, or it gets hit with Tariffs. It’s as simple as that - and everybody’s talking! Remember, we are the “piggy bank” that’s being robbed. All will be Great!
Countries that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to Washington to negotiate. This should have taken place many years ago but, as the saying goes, better late than never!
#MadeInAmerica Showcase!
Lou Barletta was one of my first supporters. He is tough on Crime and Borders. Will be a great Senator from Pennsylvania. His opponent is WEAK on Crime, ICE and Borders. We need Lou!
Robert will do a great job for our Vets. We also recently won Choice!
... In my opinion the Washington Post is nothing more than an expensive ( the paper loses a fortune ) lobbyist for Amazon. Is it used as protection against antitrust claims which many feel should be brought?
The Amazon Washington Post has gone crazy against me ever since they lost the Internet Tax Case in the U. S. Supreme Court two months ago. Next up is the U. S. Post Office which they use, at a fraction of real cost, as their “delivery boy” for a BIG percentage of their packages...
A Rocket has not been launched by North Korea in 9 months. Likewise, no Nuclear Tests. Japan is happy, all of Asia is happy. But the Fake News is saying, without ever asking me ( always anonymous sources ), that I am angry because it is not going fast enough. Wrong, very happy!
When you hear the Fake News talking negatively about my meeting with President Putin, and all that I gave up, remember, I gave up NOTHING, we merely talked about future benefits for both countries. Also, we got along very well, which is a good thing, except for the Corrupt Media!
... ” Carter Page wasn’t a spy, wasn’t an agent of the Russians - he would have cooperated with the FBI. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump. ” Tom Fitton A disgrace to America. They should drop the discredited Mueller Witch Hunt now!
... and the DOJ, FBI and Obama Gang need to be held to account. Source # 1 was the major source. Avoided talking about it being the Clinton campaign behind it. Misled the Court to provide a pretext to SPY on the Trump Team. Not about Carter Page.. was all about getting Trump...
“ It was classified to cover up misconduct by the FBI and the Justice Department in misleading the Court by using this Dossier in a dishonest way to gain a warrant to target the Trump Team. This is a Clinton Campaign document. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump...
So we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and Fake Dirty Dossier, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC, that was knowingly & falsely submitted to FISA and which was responsible for starting the totally conflicted and discredited Mueller Witch Hunt!
Tom Fitton on at 6:15 A. M. NOW! Judicial Watch.
To Iranian President Rouhani: NEVER, EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE & DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS!
So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election. Why didn’t he do something about it? Why didn’t he tell our campaign? Because it is all a big hoax, that’s why, and he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win!!!
Happy Birthday!
I had a GREAT meeting with Putin and the Fake News used every bit of their energy to try and disparage it. So bad for our country!
. on “Source # 1 was the ( Fake ) Dossier. Yes, the Dirty Dossier, paid for by Democrats as a hit piece against Trump, and looking for information that could discredit Candidate # 1 Trump. Carter Page was just the foot to surveil the Trump campaign...” ILLEGAL!
Andrew McCarthy - “I said this could never happen. This is so bad that they should be looking at the judges who signed off on this stuff, not just the people who gave it. It is so bad it screams out at you.” On the whole FISA scam which led to the rigged Mueller Witch Hunt!
Looking more & more like the Trump Campaign for President was illegally being spied upon ( surveillance ) for the political gain of Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC. Ask her how that worked out - she did better with Crazy Bernie. Republicans must get tough now. An illegal Scam!
Congratulations to and on being successful in getting the Carter Page FISA documents. As usual they are ridiculously heavily redacted but confirm with little doubt that the Department of “Justice” and FBI misled the courts. Witch Hunt Rigged, a Scam!
Watching Los Angeles possible hostage situation very closely. Active barricaded suspect. L. A. P. D. working with Federal Law Enforcement.
Troy Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress against a Nancy Pelosi Liberal who is WEAK on Crime & Borders. Troy is the total opposite, and loves our Military, Vets & 2nd Amendment. EARLY VOTING just started with Election Day on August 7th. Troy has my Full & Total Endorsement!
Brian Kemp, who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement, is campaigning tonight with VP. Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders, LOVES our Military, Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!
Brian Kemp, who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement, is campaigning tonight with. Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders, LOVES our Military, Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!
No Collusion, No Obstruction - but that doesn’t matter because the 13 Angry Democrats, who are only after Republicans and totally protecting Democrats, want this Witch Hunt to drag out to the November Election. Republicans better get smart fast and expose what they are doing!
The Rigged Witch Hunt, headed by the 13 Angry Democrats ( and now 4 more have been added, one who worked directly for Obama W. H. ), seems intent on damaging the Republican Party’s chances in the November Election. This Democrat excuse for losing the ‘ 16 Election never ends!
Inconceivable that the government would break into a lawyer’s office ( early in the morning ) - almost unheard of. Even more inconceivable that a lawyer would tape a client - totally unheard of & perhaps illegal. The good news is that your favorite President did nothing wrong!
The NFL National Anthem Debate is alive and well again - can’t believe it! Isn’t it in contract that players must stand at attention, hand on heart? The $ 40,000, 000 Commissioner must now make a stand. First time kneeling, out for game. Second time kneeling, out for season / no pay!
I got severely criticized by the Fake News Media for being too nice to President Putin. In the Old Days they would call it Diplomacy. If I was loud & vicious, I would have been criticized for being too tough. Remember when they said I was too tough with Chairman Kim? Hypocrites!
So important. Should have been done years ago!
Farmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years. The price of soybeans has fallen 50 % since 5 years before the Election. A big reason is bad ( terrible ) Trade Deals with other countries. They put on massive Tariffs and Barriers. Canada charges 275 % on Dairy. Farmers will WIN!
... The United States should not be penalized because we are doing so well. Tightening now hurts all that we have done. The U. S. should be allowed to recapture what was lost due to illegal currency manipulation and BAD Trade Deals. Debt coming due & we are raising rates - Really?
China, the European Union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower, while the U. S. is raising rates while the dollars gets stronger and stronger with each passing day - taking away our big competitive edge. As usual, not a level playing field...
My deepest sympathies to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible boat accident which just took place in Missouri. Such a tragedy, such a great loss. May God be with you all!
Will the Dems and Fake News ever learn? This is classic!
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES”
... proliferation, cyber attacks, trade, Ukraine, Middle East peace, North Korea and more. There are many answers, some easy and some hard, to these problems... but they can ALL be solved!
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.”
The Summit with Russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the Fake News Media. I look forward to our second meeting so that we can start implementing some of the many things discussed, including stopping terrorism, security for Israel, nuclear...
I told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies, Google. They truly have taken advantage of the U. S., but not for long!
Really big jobs meeting today at the White House! 3 P. M.
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.” Thank you to and for actually showing the clips. The Fake News wants no part of that narrative! Too bad they don’t want to focus on all of the ECONOMIC and JOBS records being set.
The Fake News Media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with Russia, even a confrontation that could lead to war. They are pushing so recklessly hard and hate the fact that I’ll probably have a good relationship with Putin. We are doing MUCH better than any other country!
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They make up stories without any backup, sources or proof. Many of the stories written about me, and the good people surrounding me, are total fiction. Problem is, when you complain you just give them more publicity. But I’ll complain anyway!
The Democrats have a death wish, in more ways than one - they actually want to abolish ICE. This should cost them heavily in the Midterms. Yesterday, the Republicans overwhelmingly passed a bill supporting ICE!
Thank you to Novartis for not increasing your prices on prescription drugs. Likewise to Pfizer. We are making a big push to actually reduce the prices, maybe substantially, on prescription drugs.
A total disgrace that Turkey will not release a respected U. S. Pastor, Andrew Brunson, from prison. He has been held hostage far too long. should do something to free this wonderful Christian husband & father. He has done nothing wrong, and his family needs him!
The two biggest opponents of ICE in America today are the Democratic Party and MS - 13!
Thank you to Congressman Kevin Yoder! He secured $ 5 BILLION for Border Security. Now we need Congress to support. Kevin has been strong on Crime, the Border, the 2nd Amendment, and he loves our Military and Vets. has my full and total endorsement!
Brian Kemp is running for Governor of the great state of Georgia. The Primary is on Tuesday. Brian is tough on crime, strong on the border and illegal immigration. He loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. I give him my full and total endorsement.
3.4 million jobs created since our great Election Victory - far greater than ever anticipated, and only getting better as new and greatly improved Trade Deals start coming to fruition!
Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than see this. It’s called Trump Derangement Syndrome!
“A lot of Democrats wished they voted for the Tax Cuts because the economy is booming - we could have 4 % growth now and the Fed said yesterday that unemployment could drop again.”
Congratulations to Martha Roby of The Great State of Alabama on her big GOP Primary win for Congress. My endorsement came appropriately late, but when it came the “flood gates” opened and you had the kind of landslide victory that you deserve. Enjoy!
... Russia has agreed to help with North Korea, where relationships with us are very good and the process is moving along. There is no rush, the sanctions remain! Big benefits and exciting future for North Korea at end of process!
While the NATO meeting in Brussels was an acknowledged triumph, with billions of dollars more being put up by member countries at a faster pace, the meeting with Russia may prove to be, in the long run, an even greater success. Many positive things will come out of that meeting..
So many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in Helsinki. Putin and I discussed many important subjects at our earlier meeting. We got along well which truly bothered many haters who wanted to see a boxing match. Big results will come!
“Prosperity is returning. Donald Trump is doing exactly what he said he would do as a candidate, now as the most effective president, the most successful president, in modern American history.” Thank you to the great Lou Dobbs!
The Democrats want to abolish ICE, which will mean more crime in our country. I want to give ICE a big cheer! Vote Republican in November.
The meeting between President Putin and myself was a great success, except in the Fake News Media!
The economy of the United States is stronger than ever before!
Thank you. “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - what’s he supposed to think?”
While I had a great meeting with NATO, raising vast amounts of money, I had an even better meeting with Vladimir Putin of Russia. Sadly, it is not being reported that way - the Fake News is going Crazy!
I had a great meeting with NATO. They have paid $ 33 Billion more and will pay hundreds of Billions of Dollars more in the future, only because of me. NATO was weak, but now it is strong again ( bad for Russia ). The media only says I was rude to leaders, never mentions the money!
Thank you, you really get it! “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - what’s he supposed think?”
Will be interviewed on tonight at 9pmE and tomorrow night at 8p mE. Enjoy!
A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia, but it is good for the world. #HELSINKI2018
I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace, than to risk peace in pursuit of politics. #HELSINKI2018
As I said today and many times before, “I have GREAT confidence in MY intelligence people.” However, I also recognize that in order to build a brighter future, we cannot exclusively focus on the past – as the world’s two largest nuclear powers, we must get along! #HELSINKI2018
Thank you Helsinki, Finland!
Joint Press Conference from Helsinki, Finland:
Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U. S. foolishness and stupidity and now, the Rigged Witch Hunt!
President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election, so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling, he said it couldn’t happen, was no big deal, & did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!
Received many calls from leaders of NATO countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them focused on financial obligations, both present & future. We had a truly great Summit that was inaccurately covered by much of the media. NATO is now strong & rich!
Congratulations to France, who played extraordinary soccer, on winning the 2018 World Cup. Additionally, congratulations to President Putin and Russia for putting on a truly great World Cup Tournament - - one of the best ever!
... know how to do is resist and obstruct! This is why there is such hatred and dissension in our country – but at some point, it will heal!
... over the years, I would return to criticism that it wasn’t good enough – that I should have gotten Saint Petersburg in addition! Much of our news media is indeed the enemy of the people and all the Dems...
Heading to Helsinki, Finland – looking forward to meeting with President Putin tomorrow. Unfortunately, no matter how well I do at the Summit, if I was given the great city of Moscow as retribution for all of the sins and evils committed by Russia...
There hasn’t been a missile or rocket fired in 9 months in North Korea, there have been no nuclear tests and we got back our hostages. Who knows how it will all turn out in the end, but why isn’t the Fake News talking about these wonderful facts? Because it is FAKE NEWS!
These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it? Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win, that’s why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration, but Fake News doesn’t want to report the truth, as usual!
Our prayers are with those affected by the flooding in Japan. We commend the rescue efforts and offer condolences to all who were injured or lost loved ones.
... Remember, it was Little Jeff Z and his people, who are told exactly what to say, who said I could not win the election in that “there was no way to 270” ( over & over again ) in the Electoral College. I got 306! They were sooo wrong in their election coverage. Still hurting!
So funny! I just checked out Fake News CNN, for the first time in a long time ( they are dying in the ratings ), to see if they covered my takedown yesterday of Jim Acosta ( actually a nice guy ). They didn’t! But they did say I already lost in my meeting with Putin. Fake News...
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administration. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
... Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t the FBI take possession of it? Deep State?
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administrations. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
The Stock Market hit 25,000 yesterday. Jobs are at an all time record - and that is before we fix some of the worst trade deals and conditions ever seen by any government. It is all happening!
I have arrived in Scotland and will be at Trump Turnberry for two days of meetings, calls and hopefully, some golf - my primary form of exercise! The weather is beautiful, and this place is incredible! Tomorrow I go to Helsinki for a Monday meeting with Vladimir Putin.
This is now changing - for the first time!
🇺 🇸 🇬 🇧
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Theresa May...
Congressman Matt Gaetz of Florida is one of the finest and most talented people in Congress. Strong on Crime, the Border, Illegal Immigration, the 2nd Amendment, our great Military & Vets, Matt worked tirelessly on helping to get our Massive Tax Cuts. He has my Full Endorsement!
Great success today at NATO! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election. Great spirit!
A very nice note from Chairman Kim of North Korea. Great progress being made!
“Trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment. In June, for instance, the unemployment rate for Hispanics and Latinos 16 years and older fell to 4.6 %, its lowest level ever, from 4.9 % in May.”
Thank you #NATO2018!
#NATOSummit2018 Press Conference in Brussels, Belgium:
... On top of it all, Germany just started paying Russia, the country they want protection from, Billions of Dollars for their Energy needs coming out of a new pipeline from Russia. Not acceptable! All NATO Nations must meet their 2 % commitment, and that must ultimately go to 4 %!
Presidents have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get Germany and other rich NATO Nations to pay more toward their protection from Russia. They pay only a fraction of their cost. The U. S. pays tens of Billions of Dollars too much to subsidize Europe, and loses Big on Trade!
As I head out to a very important NATO meeting, I see that FBI Lover / Agent Lisa Page is dodging a Subpoena & is refusing to show up and testify. What can she possibly say about her statements and lies. So much corruption on the other side. Where is the Attorney General?
Billions of additional dollars are being spent by NATO countries since my visit last year, at my request, but it isn’t nearly enough. U. S. spends too much. Europe’s borders are BAD! Pipeline dollars to Russia are not acceptable!
How can the Rigged Witch Hunt proceed when it was started, influenced and worked on, for an extended period of time, by former FBI Agent / Lover Peter Strzok? Read his hate filled and totally biased Emails and the answer is clear!
Ex-FBI LAYER Lisa Page today defied a House of Representatives issued Subpoena to testify before Congress! Wow, but is anybody really surprised! Together with her lover, FBI Agent Peter Strzok, she worked on the Rigged Witch Hunt, perhaps the most tainted and corrupt case EVER!
If the Democrats want to win Supreme Court and other Court picks, don’t Obstruct and Resist, but rather do it the good ol ’ fashioned way, WIN ELECTIONS!
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U. S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2 % of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are their only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U. S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2 % of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what is going on from Europe - it would be sooo simple to fix. Judges run the system and illegals and traffickers know how it works. They are just using children!
... things up, better than ever before, but it can’t go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our farmers, and will win!
I am in Brussels, but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50 % from 2012 to my election. Farmers have done poorly for 15 years. Other countries’ trade barriers and tariffs have been destroying their businesses. I will open...
Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels, Belgium...
Just talked with Pfizer CEO and on our drug pricing blueprint. Pfizer is rolling back price hikes, so American patients don’t pay more. We applaud Pfizer for this decision and hope other companies do the same. Great news for the American people!
The European Union makes it impossible for our farmers and workers and companies to do business in Europe ( U. S. has a $ 151 Billion trade deficit ), and then they want us to happily defend them through NATO, and nicely pay for it. Just doesn’t work!
A recent Emerson College ePoll said that most Americans, especially Hispanics, feel that they are better off under President Trump than they were under President Obama.
Many countries in NATO, which we are expected to defend, are not only short of their current commitment of 2 % ( which is low ), but are also delinquent for many years in payments that have not been made. Will they reimburse the U. S.?
Informing the Republican Senators of my nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. #SCOTUS
I am on Air Force One flying to NATO and hear reports that the FBI lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are getting cold feet on testifying about the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by 13 Angry Democrats and people that worked for Obama for 8 years. Total disgrace!
On behalf of the United States, congratulations to the Thai Navy SEALs and all on the successful rescue of the 12 boys and their coach from the treacherous cave in Thailand. Such a beautiful moment - all freed, great job!
Thank you to all of my great supporters, really big progress being made. Other countries wanting to fix crazy trade deals. Economy is ROARING. Supreme Court pick getting GREAT REVIEWS. New Poll says Trump, at over 90 %, is the most popular Republican in history of the Party. Wow!
NATO countries must pay MORE, the United States must pay LESS. Very Unfair!
Getting ready to leave for Europe. First meeting - NATO. The U. S. is spending many times more than any other country in order to protect them. Not fair to the U. S. taxpayer. On top of that we lose $ 151 Billion on Trade with the European Union. Charge us big Tariffs ( & Barriers )!
Tonight, it was my honor and privilege to nominate Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. #SCOTUS
HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY to our amazing current and former Army Warrant Officers. Thank you for your century of service, as the indispensable guardians of our great’s technology! #CenturyOfService
Pfizer & others should be ashamed that they have raised drug prices for no reason. They are merely taking advantage of the poor & others unable to defend themselves, while at the same time giving bargain basement prices to other countries in Europe & elsewhere. We will respond!
The failing NY Times Fake News story today about breast feeding must be called out. The U. S. strongly supports breast feeding but we don’t believe women should be denied access to formula. Many women need this option because of malnutrition and poverty.
I have confidence that Kim Jong Un will honor the contract we signed &, even more importantly, our handshake. We agreed to the denuclearization of North Korea. China, on the other hand, may be exerting negative pressure on a deal because of our posture on Chinese Trade-Hope Not!
I have long heard that the most important decision a U. S. President can make is the selection of a Supreme Court Justice - Will be announced tonight at 9:00 P. M.
... Europe far more than it does the U. S. By some accounts, the U. S. is paying for 90 % of NATO, with many countries nowhere close to their 2 % commitment. On top of this the European Union has a Trade Surplus of $ 151 Million with the U. S., with big Trade Barriers on U. S. goods. NO!
The United States is spending far more on NATO than any other Country. This is not fair, nor is it acceptable. While these countries have been increasing their contributions since I took office, they must do much more. Germany is at 1 %, the U. S. is at 4 %, and NATO benefits...
Looking forward to announcing my final decision on the United States Supreme Court Justice at 9:00 pmE tomorrow night at the. An exceptional person will be chosen!
Iranian Harassment of U. S. Warships: 2015: 22 2016: 36 2017: 14 2018: 0 Source:
The U. S. is working very closely with the Government of Thailand to help get all of the children out of the cave and to safety. Very brave and talented people!
The Rigged Witch Hunt, originally headed by FBI lover boy Peter S ( for one year ) & now, 13 Angry Democrats, should look into the missing DNC Server, Crooked Hillary’s illegally deleted Emails, the Pakistani Fraudster, Uranium One, Podesta & so much more. It’s a Democrat Con Job!
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Counsel because the public understands that there was no Collusion with Russia ( so ridiculous ), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation & that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Councel because the public understands that there was no Collusion with Russia ( so ridiculous ), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation & that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
Big decision will soon be made on our next Justice of the Supreme Court!
Twitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace. Will that include the Failing New York Times and propaganda machine for Amazon, the Washington Post, who constantly quote anonymous sources that, in my opinion, don’t exist - They will both be out of business in 7 years!
Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign ( and others ), colluded with Russia. They haven’t figured out that this was an excuse for them losing the election!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Thanks to REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP, America is WINNING AGAIN - and America is being RESPECTED again all over the world. Because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST!
Every day, the brave men and women of ICE are liberating communities from savage gangs like MS - 13. We will NOT stand for these vile Democrat smears in law enforcement. We will always stand proudly with the BRAVE HEROES of ICE and BORDER PATROL!
A vote for Democrats in November is a vote to let MS - 13 run wild in our communities, to let drugs pour into our cities, and to take jobs and benefits away from hardworking Americans. Democrats want anarchy, amnesty and chaos - Republicans want LAW, ORDER and JUSTICE!
It was my great honor to join proud, hardworking American Patriots in Montana tonight. I love you - thank you! #MAGA
... on Monday assume duties as the acting Administrator of the EPA. I have no doubt that Andy will continue on with our great and lasting EPA agenda. We have made tremendous progress and the future of the EPA is very bright!
I have accepted the resignation of Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Within the Agency Scott has done an outstanding job, and I will always be thankful to him for this. The Senate confirmed Deputy at EPA, Andrew Wheeler, will...
Congress - FIX OUR INSANE IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW!
... Country being forced to endure a long and costly trial. Tell the people “OUT, ” and they must leave, just as they would if they were standing on your front lawn. Hiring thousands of “ judges” does not work and is not acceptable - only Country in the World that does this!
Congress must pass smart, fast and reasonable Immigration Laws now. Law Enforcement at the Border is doing a great job, but the laws they are forced to work with are insane. When people, with or without children, enter our Country, they must be told to leave without our...
Happy Birthday, America!
The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up & they are doing little to help. If anything, they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $’s. This must be a two way street. REDUCE PRICING NOW!

Happy Fourth of July... Our Country is doing GREAT!
Tomorrow, families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do, we will think of the men & women serving overseas at this very moment, far away from their families, protecting America - & we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES!
... has endured because of the sweat, blood and sacrifice of the American Armed Forces – the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of the world!
Tonight we gathered to celebrate the courageous men and women who make freedom possible: our brave service members, and our wonderful Veterans. For 242 years, American Independence...
Thank you, Jim Justice, for that warm introduction. Tonight, it was my great honor to attend the “Greenbrier Classic – Salute to Service Dinner” in West Virginia! God Bless our Veterans. God Bless America - and HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO ALL!
After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b / c they should be capitalized!
Just arrived in West Virginia!
The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a disgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!
Heading to West Virginia to be with my friend, Jim Justice, at his beautiful Greenbrier Resort. He works hard, does a great job, and raises lots of money for charities!
After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b / c they should be capitalized!
The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a discgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!
Wow! The NSA has deleted 685 million phone calls and text messages. Privacy violations? They blame technical irregularities. Such a disgrace. The Witch Hunt continues!
Now that Harley-Davidson is moving part of its operation out of the U. S., my Administration is working with other Motor Cycle companies who want to move into the U. S. Harley customers are not happy with their move - sales are down 7 % in 2017. The U. S. is where the Action is!
Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship, during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation, to 2,500 Iranians - including to government officials. How big ( and bad ) is that?
Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well! In the meantime, no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing in 8 months. All of Asia is thrilled. Only the Opposition Party, which includes the Fake News, is complaining. If not for me, we would now be at War with North Korea!
How can the Democrats, who are weak on the Border and weak on Crime, do well in November. The people of our Country want and demand Safety and Security, while the Democrats are more interested in ripping apart and demeaning ( and not properly funding ) our great Law Enforcement!
When we have an “infestation” of MS - 13 GANGS in certain parts of our country, who do we send to get them out? ICE! They are tougher and smarter than these rough criminal elelments that bad immigration laws allow into our country. Dems do not appreciate the great job they do! Nov.
The economy is doing perhaps better than ever before, and that’s prior to fixing some of the worst and most unfair Trade Deals ever made by any country. In any event, they are coming along very well. Most countries agree that they must be changed, but nobody ever asked!
I interviewed 4 very impressive people yesterday. On Monday I will be announcing my decision for Justice of the United States Supreme Court!
Crazy Maxine Waters, said by some to be one of the most corrupt people in politics, is rapidly becoming, together with Nancy Pelosi, the FACE of the Democrat Party. Her ranting and raving, even referring to herself as a wounded animal, will make people flee the Democrats!
Many Democrats are deeply concerned about the fact that their “leadership” wants to denounce and abandon the great men and women of ICE, thereby declaring war on Law & Order. These people will be voting for Republicans in November and, in many cases, joining the Republican Party!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands, to the!
Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward to working with him. There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico!
A big week, especially with our numerous victories in the Supreme Court. Heading back to the White House now. Focus will be on the selection of a new Supreme Court Justice. Exciting times for our country. Economy may be stronger than it has ever been!
The Liberal Left, also known as the Democrats, want to get rid of ICE, who do a fantastic job, and want Open Borders. Crime would be rampant and uncontrollable! Make America Great Again
I will be interviewed by at 10:00 A. M. on
When people come into our Country illegally, we must IMMEDIATELY escort them back out without going through years of legal maneuvering. Our laws are the dumbest anywhere in the world. Republicans want Strong Borders and no Crime. Dems want Open Borders and are weak on Crime!
I will be interviewed by on Sunday on at 10:00 A. M. Enjoy!
Either we need to elect more Republicans in November or Republicans must end the ridiculous 60 vote, or Filibuster, rule - or better yet, do both. Cryin ’ Chuck would do it on day one, but we’ll never give him the chance. Some great legislation awaits - be smart!
I never pushed the Republicans in the House to vote for the Immigration Bill, either GOODLATTE 1 or 2, because it could never have gotten enough Democrats as long as there is the 60 vote threshold. I released many prior to the vote knowing we need more Republicans to win in Nov.
A friend of mine and a man who has truly seen politics and life as few others ever will, Sean Spicer, has written a great new book, “The Briefing: Politics, the Press and the President.” It is a story told with both heart and knowledge. Really good, go get it!
I will be making my choice for Justice of the United States Supreme Court on the first Monday after the July 4th Holiday, July 9th!
Just spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia and explained to him that, because of the turmoil & disfunction in Iran and Venezuela, I am asking that Saudi Arabia increase oil production, maybe up to 2,000, 000 barrels, to make up the difference... Prices to high! He has agreed!
To the great and brave men and women of ICE, do not worry or lose your spirit. You are doing a fantastic job of keeping us safe by eradicating the worst criminal elements. So brave! The radical left Dems want you out. Next it will be all police. Zero chance, It will never happen!
The Democrats are making a strong push to abolish ICE, one of the smartest, toughest and most spirited law enforcement groups of men and women that I have ever seen. I have watched ICE liberate towns from the grasp of MS - 13 & clean out the toughest of situations. They are great!
The new plant being built by Foxconn in Wisconsin is incredible. Congratulations to the people of Wisconsin and to Governor Scott Walker and his talented representatives for having pulled it off. Great job!
Six months after our TAX CUTS, more than 6 MILLION workers have received bonuses, pay raises, and retirement account contributions. #TaxCutsandJobsAct
Before going any further today, I want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis, Maryland. This attack shocked the conscience of our Nation, and filled our hearts with grief...
Prior to departing Wisconsin, I was briefed on the shooting at Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Maryland. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. Thank you to all of the First Responders who are currently on the scene.
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
Today, we broke ground on a plant that will provide jobs for up to 15,000 Wisconsin Workers! As Foxconn has discovered, there is no better place to build, hire and grow than right here in the United States!
I am in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for meetings. Soon to leave for a big groundbreaking for Foxconn, which is building a great new electronics plant in Wisconsin. 15,000 Jobs, so great!
... persecuted on old and / or totally unrelated charges ( there was no collusion and there was no obstruction of the no collusion )... And what is going on in the FBI & DOJ with Crooked Hillary, the DNC and all of the lies? A disgraceful situation!
When is Bob Mueller going to list his Conflicts of Interest? Why has it taken so long? Will they be listed at the top of his $ 22,000, 000 Report... And what about the 13 Angry Democrats, will they list their conflicts with Crooked H? How many people will be sent to jail and...
Peter Strzok worked as the leader of the Rigged Witch Hunt for a long period of time - he got it started and was only fired because the gig was up. But remember, he took his orders from Comey and McCabe and they took their orders from you know who. Mueller / Comey best friends!
Just watched on. Said “President is doing a great job. All over the world, people want to come back to the U. S.” Thank you Greg, and you’re looking and doing great!
Amy Kremer, Women for Trump, was so great on. Brave and very smart, thank you Amy!
Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election! Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t Shady James Comey and the now disgraced FBI agents take and closely examine it? Why isn’t Hillary / Russia being looked at? So many questions, so much corruption!
Lover FBI Agent Peter Strzok was given poor marks on yesterday’s closed door testimony and, according to most reports, refused to answer many questions. There was no Collusion and the Witch Hunt, headed by 13 Angry Democrats and others who are totally conflicted, is Rigged!
In recent days we have heard shameless attacks on our courageous law enforcement officers. Extremist Democrat politicians have called for the complete elimination of ICE. Leftwing Activists are trying to block ICE officers from doing their jobs and publicly posting their...
... home addresses – putting these selfless public servants in harm’s way. These radical protesters want ANARCHY – but the only response they will find from our government is LAW AND ORDER!
Thank you North Dakota. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA
Just landed in North Dakota with and. We will see everyone at Scheels Arena shortly!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal to the! 🇺 🇸 🇵 🇹
Heading to North Dakota to fully stand with and endorse Kevin Cramer for Senate. He is an extraordinary Congressman who will hopefully soon represent this great state as your Senator. He is tough on crime, strong on borders, loves our Military, and our Vets! #NDSen
Statement on Justice Anthony Kennedy. #SCOTUS
Harley-Davidson should stay 100 % in America, with the people that got you your success. I’ve done so much for you, and then this. Other companies are coming back where they belong! We won’t forget, and neither will your customers or your now very HAPPY competitors!
Supreme Court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now, as an example, able to support a candidate of his or her choice without having those who control the Union deciding for them. Big loss for the coffers of the Democrats!
HOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL, KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II, IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE TODAY, EVEN THOUGH THE DEMS WON ’ T LET IT PASS IN THE SENATE. PASSAGE WILL SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS & SECURITY WHILE THE DEMS WANT OPEN BORDERS = CRIME. WIN!
Congratulations to Maxine Waters, whose crazy rants have made her, together with Nancy Pelosi, the unhinged FACE of the Democrat Party. Together, they will Make America Weak Again! But have no fear, America is now stronger than ever before, and I ’ m not going anywhere!
Big and conclusive win by Mitt Romney. Congratulations! I look forward to working together - there is so much good to do. A great and loving family will be coming to D. C.
The legendary Gary Player at Turnberry in Scotland!
A great First Lady!
The Democrats are in Turmoil! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a certain way to lose elections. Republicans are for Strong Borders, NO Crime! A BIG NIGHT!
Wow! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley, who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosi’s place, just LOST his primary election. In other words, he’s out! That is a big one that nobody saw happening. Perhaps he should have been nicer, and more respectful, to his President!
Tremendous win for Congressman Dan Donovan. You showed great courage in a tough race! New York, and my many friends on Staten Island, have elected someone they have always been very proud of. Congratulations!
Congratulations to Governor Henry McMaster on your BIG election win! South Carolina loves you. We are all proud of you and Peggy!
Today, we tell the story of an incredible HERO who defended our nation in World War Two – First Lieutenant Garlin Murl Conner. Although he died 20 years ago, today he takes his rightful place in the Eternal Chronicle of American Valor...
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS TRUMP TRAVEL BAN. Wow!
“The most profound question of our era: Was there a conspiracy in the Obama Department of Justice and the FBI to prevent Donald Trump from becoming President of the U. S., and was Strzok at the core of the conspiracy?” Judge Andrew Napolitano
The face of the Democrats is now Maxine Waters who, together with Nancy Pelosi, have established a fine leadership team. They should always stay together and lead the Democrats, who want Open Borders and Unlimited Crime, well into the future... and pick Crooked Hillary for Pres.
A Harley-Davidson should never be built in another country-never! Their employees and customers are already very angry at them. If they move, watch, it will be the beginning of the end - they surrendered, they quit! The Aura will be gone and they will be taxed like never before!
It was great being with Governor Henry McMaster last night in South Carolina. Henry is tough on Crime and Borders, loves our Military and our Vets and has created many jobs and a great economy. GO OUT AND VOTE FOR HENRY TODAY, HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
... We are finishing our study of Tariffs on cars from the E. U. in that they have long taken advantage of the U. S. in the form of Trade Barriers and Tariffs. In the end it will all even out - and it won’t take very long!
... When I had Harley-Davidson officials over to the White House, I chided them about tariffs in other countries, like India, being too high. Companies are now coming back to America. Harley must know that they won’t be able to sell back into U. S. without paying a big tax!
... We are getting other countries to reduce and eliminate tariffs and trade barriers that have been unfairly used for years against our farmers, workers and companies. We are opening up closed markets and expanding our footprint. They must play fair or they will pay tariffs!
Early this year Harley-Davidson said they would move much of their plant operations in Kansas City to Thailand. That was long before Tariffs were announced. Hence, they were just using Tariffs / Trade War as an excuse. Shows how unbalanced & unfair trade is, but we will fix it...
Thank you South Carolina. Now let’s get out tomorrow and VOTE for!
Just landed in South Carolina - will be at the McMaster rally shortly! #MAGA
The hearing of Peter Strzok and the other hating frauds at the FBI & DOJ should be shown to the public on live television, not a closed door hearing that nobody will see. We should expose these people for what they are - there should be total transparency!
Why is Senator Mark Warner ( D-VA ), perhaps in a near drunken state, claiming he has information that only he and Bob Mueller, the leader of the 13 Angry Democrats on a Witch Hunt, knows? Isn’t this highly illegal. Is it being investigated?
“Director David Lynch: Trump Could Go Down as One of the Greatest Presidents”
Surprised that Harley-Davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the White Flag. I fought hard for them and ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the E. U., which has hurt us badly on trade, down $ 151 Billion. Taxes just a Harley excuse - be patient! #MAGA
Congresswoman Maxine Waters, an extraordinarily low IQ person, has become, together with Nancy Pelosi, the Face of the Democrat Party. She has just called for harm to supporters, of which there are many, of the Make America Great Again movement. Be careful what you wish for Max!
Will be heading to one of my favorite places, South Carolina, to fight for one of my original “fighters,” Governor Henry McMaster. Speaking at 7:00 P. M.
... If this is done, illegal immigration will be stopped in it’s tracks - and at very little, by comparison, cost. This is the only real answer - and we must continue to BUILD THE WALL!
Hiring manythousands of judges, and going through a long and complicated legal process, is not the way to go - will always be disfunctional. People must simply be stopped at the Border and told they cannot come into the U. S. illegally. Children brought back to their country...
Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours. Actually, we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama. Fake News is working overtime!
I have tried to stay uninvolved with the Department of Justice and FBI ( although I do not legally have to ), because of the now totally discredited and very expensive Witch Hunt currently going on. But you do have to ask why the DOJ & FBI aren’t giving over requested documents?
The Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies, doors and windows ( badly needs a paint job ) rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I always had a rule, if a restaurant is dirty on the outside, it is dirty on the inside!
Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that President Trump is probably correct that there was surveillance on Trump Tower. Actually, far greater than would ever have been believed!
. has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!
House Republicans could easily pass a Bill on Strong Border Security but remember, it still has to pass in the Senate, and for that we need 10 Democrat votes, and all they do is RESIST. They want Open Borders and don’t care about Crime! Need more Republicans to WIN in November!
. has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!
. is now whimpering to all that he did the famous “hair show ” with me ( where he seriously messed up my hair ), & that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have “ humanized ” me-he is taking heat. He called & said “ monster ratings.” Be a man Jimmy!
The United States is insisting that all countries that have placed artificial Trade Barriers and Tariffs on goods going into their country, remove those Barriers & Tariffs or be met with more than Reciprocity by the U. S. A. Trade must be fair and no longer a one way street!
... Our Immigration policy, laughed at all over the world, is very unfair to all of those people who have gone through the system legally and are waiting on line for years! Immigration must be based on merit - we need people who will help to Make America Great Again!
We cannot allow all of these people to invade our Country. When somebody comes in, we must immediately, with no Judges or Court Cases, bring them back from where they came. Our system is a mockery to good immigration policy and Law and Order. Most children come without parents...
Democrats, fix the laws. Don’t RESIST. We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama, but we need strength and security at the Border! Cannot accept all of the people trying to break into our Country. Strong Borders, No Crime!
Major Wall Street Journal opinion piece today talking about the Russian Witch Hunt and the disgrace that it is. So many people hurt, so bad for our country - a total sham!
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
Thank you! #MAGA
Happy Birthday to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, a friend and great man!
It’s very sad that Nancy Pelosi and her sidekick, Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer, want to protect illegal immigrants far more than the citizens of our country. The United States cannot stand for this. We wants safety and security at our borders!
Heading to Nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters. Country’s economy is stronger than ever before with numbers that are getting better by the week. Tremendous potential, and trade deals are coming along well.
My thoughts and prayers are with Representative Katie Arrington of South Carolina, including all of those involved in last nights car accident, and their families.
... everyone how much he likes me, but he will only vote with Nancy Pelosi. Keith is strong on borders and tough on crime — and loves cutting taxes! #MAGA
. Pence is heading to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where we have both strongly endorsed one of the finest men around, Congressman Keith. He is running against #LambTheSham, who is telling...
Drudge Report “OBAMA KEPT THEM IN CAGES, WRAPPED THEM IN FOIL” We do a much better job while at the same time maintaining a MUCH stronger Border! Mainstream Fake Media hates this story.
“Disability applications plunge as economy strengthens” Failing New York Times
The National Association of Manufacturers just announced that 95.1 % of Manufacturers “have a positive outlook for their companies.” This is the best number in the Association’s history!
The Russian Witch Hunt is Rigged!
. Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt. With all of the bias, lying and hate by the investigators, people want the investigators investigated. Much more will come out. A total scam and excuse for the Dems losing the Election!
Steel is coming back fast! U. S. Steel is adding great capacity also. So are others.
Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U. S. & its great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20 % Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U. S. Build them here!
Our first duty, and our highest loyalty, is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border is secure, our citizens are safe, and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all.
We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. These are the American Citizens permanently separated from their loved ones b / c they were killed by criminal illegal aliens. These are the families the media ignores...
Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U. S. and it great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20 % Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U. S. Build them here!
Hope OPEC will increase output substantially. Need to keep prices down!
We must maintain a Strong Southern Border. We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief, hoping it will help them in the elections. Obama and others had the same pictures, and did nothing about it!
80 % of Mexico’s Exports come to the United States. They totally rely on us, which is fine with me. They do have, though, very strong Immigration Laws. The U. S. has pathetically weak and ineffective Immigration Laws that the Democrats refuse to help us fix. Will speak to Mexico!
Congressman Ron DeSantis, a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School, is running for Governor of the Great State of Florida. Ron is strong on Borders, tough on Crime & big on Cutting Taxes - Loves our Military & our Vets. He will be a Great Governor & has my full Endorsement!
Congresswoman Martha Roby of Alabama has been a consistent and reliable vote for our Make America Great Again Agenda. She is in a Republican Primary run-off against a recent Nancy Pelosi voting Democrat. I fully endorse Martha for Alabama 2nd Congressional District!
Governor Henry McMaster is a truly fine man who loves the People of South Carolina. He was one of my very early supporters and truly helped me to a Big South Carolina Victory. I will see you all in S. C on Monday and Vice President Pence will be there for Henry on Saturday!
Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen / women in November. Dems are just playing games, have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem. We can pass great legislation after the Red Wave!
Elect more Republicans in November and we will pass the finest, fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills anywhere in the world. Right now we have the dumbest and the worst. Dems are doing nothing but Obstructing. Remember their motto, RESIST! Ours is PRODUCE!
Even if we get 100 % Republican votes in the Senate, we need 10 Democrat votes to get a much needed Immigration Bill - & the Dems are Obstructionists who won’t give votes for political reasons & because they don’t care about Crime coming from Border! So we need to elect more R’s!
Our great Judge Jeanine Pirro is out with a new book, “Liars, Leakers and Liberals, the Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy,” which is fantastic. Go get it!
You cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including “heart,” without getting Dem votes. Problem is, they don’t care about security and R’s do. Zero Dems voted to support the Goodlatte Bill. They won’t vote for anything!
We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any weakness, millions of people will journey into our country.
“I REALLY DON ’ T CARE, DO U?” written on the back of Melania’s jacket, refers to the Fake News Media. Melania has learned how dishonest they are, and she truly no longer cares!
Big Supreme Court win on internet sales tax - about time! Big victory for fairness and for our country. Great victory for consumers and retailers.
Farm Bill just passed in the House. So happy to see work requirements included. Big win for the farmers!
I was thrilled to be back in Minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking American Patriots. Thank you!
" The real big story that affects everybody in America is the success of ' s TAX CUT package and what it's done for our economy... ”
Democrats want open Borders, where anyone can come into our Country, and stay. This is Nancy Pelosi’s dream. It won’t happen!
Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The state is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and Strong on Borders, Healthcare, the Military and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endrosement! #MAGA
What is the purpose of the House doing good immigration bills when you need 9 votes by Democrats in the Senate, and the Dems are only looking to Obstruct ( which they feel is good for them in the Mid-Terms ). Republicans must get rid of the stupid Filibuster Rule-it is killing you!
Last night in Minnesota was incredible. What a crowd!
Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The State is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and strong on Borders, Health Care, the Mititary and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endorsement! #MAGA
I will be going the Columbia, South Carolina, on Monday night to do a campaign speech for one of my very early supporters, a man who truly loves the people of South Carolina, Governor Henry McMaster. Henry worked so hard & was so loyal to me that I look forward to reciprocating!
The Border has been a big mess and problem for many years. At some point Schumer and Pelosi, who are weak on Crime and Border security, will be forced to do a real deal, so easy, that solves this long time problem. Schumer used to want Border security - now he’ll take Crime!
We shouldn’t be hiring judges by the thousands, as our ridiculous immigration laws demand, we should be changing our laws, building the Wall, hire Border Agents and Ice and not let people come into our country based on the legal phrase they are told to say as their password.
ALL-TIME RECORD OPTIMISM!
Just returning from the Great State of Minnesota where we had an incredible rally with 9,000 people, and at least 10,000 who could not get in - I will return! Congratulations to who is loved and respected in Minnesota!
Thank you Duluth, Minnesota. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So sorry, people wanting to get into the already packed arena - I LOVE YOU ALL!
Just landed in Duluth, Minnesota. Two events planned - looking forward to them and being with and his wonderful family!
Don’t worry, the Republicans, and your President, will fix it!
Look what Fake ABC News put out. I guess they had it prepared from the 13 Angry Democrats leading the Witch Hunt! #StopTheBias
Had a great meeting with the House GOP last night at the Capitol. They applauded and laughed loudly when I mentioned my experience with Mark Sanford. I have never been a fan of his!

More records! #MAGA
“FBI texts have revealed anti-Trump Bias.” Big News, but the Fake News doesn’t want to cover. Total corruption - the Witch Hunt has turned out to be a scam! At some point soon the Mainstream Media will have to cover correctly, too big a story!
It’s the Democrats fault, they won’t give us the votes needed to pass good immigration legislation. They want open borders, which breeds horrible crime. Republicans want security. But I am working on something - it never ends!
The Fake News is not mentioning the safety and security of our Country when talking about illegal immigration. Our immigration laws are the weakest and worst anywhere in the world, and the Dems will do anything not to change them & to obstruct-want open borders which means crime!
THANK YOU!
Earlier today, Melania and I were honored to welcome King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain to the! 🇺 🇸 🇪 🇸
Homeland Security did a fabulous job yesterday at the press conference explaining security at the border and for our country, while at the same time recommending changes to obsolete & nasty laws, which force family separation. We want “heart” and security in America!
THANK YOU! #NFIB75
Join me tomorrow in Duluth, Minnesota for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets:
#CHANGETHELAWS Now is the best opportunity ever for Congress to change the ridiculous and obsolete laws on immigration. Get it done, always keeping in mind that we must have strong border security.
We must always arrest people coming into our Country illegally. Of the 12,000 children, 10,000 are being sent by their parents on a very dangerous trip, and only 2000 are with their parents, many of whom have tried to enter our Country illegally on numerous occasions.
Democrats are the problem. They don’t care about crime and want illegal immigrants, no matter how bad they may be, to pour into and infest our Country, like MS - 13. They can’t win on their terrible policies, so they view them as potential voters!
If you don’t have Borders, you don’t have a Country!
Crime in Germany is up 10 % plus ( officials do not want to report these crimes ) since migrants were accepted. Others countries are even worse. Be smart America!
I can’t think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their powers to affect an election! ” Inspector General Horowitz on what was going on with numerous people regarding my election. A Rigged Witch Hunt! p
Comey gave Strozk his marching orders. Mueller is Comey’s best friend. Witch Hunt!
If President Obama ( who got nowhere with North Korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people being killed ) had gotten along with North Korea and made the initial steps toward a deal that I have, the Fake News would have named him a national hero!
It is the Democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with Boarder Security and Crime. Tell them to start thinking about the people devastated by Crime coming from illegal immigration. Change the laws!
CHANGE THE LAWS!
Children are being used by some of the worst criminals on earth as a means to enter our country. Has anyone been looking at the Crime taking place south of the border. It is historic, with some countries the most dangerous places in the world. Not going to happen in the U. S.
We don’t want what is happening with immigration in Europe to happen with us!
The people of Germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous Berlin coalition. Crime in Germany is way up. Big mistake made all over Europe in allowing millions of people in who have so strongly and violently changed their culture!
Why don’t the Democrats give us the votes to fix the world’s worst immigration laws? Where is the outcry for the killings and crime being caused by gangs and thugs, including MS - 13, coming into our country illegally?
“The highest level of bias I’ve ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer.” Trey Gowdy on the FBI’s own, Peter Strzok. Also remember that they all worked for Slippery James Comey and that Comey is best friends with Robert Mueller. A really sick deal, isn’t it?
The Democrats should get together with their Republican counterparts and work something out on Border Security & Safety. Don’t wait until after the election because you are going to lose!
Why was the FBI’s sick loser, Peter Strzok, working on the totally discredited Mueller team of 13 Angry & Conflicted Democrats, when Strzok was giving Crooked Hillary a free pass yet telling his lover, lawyer Lisa Page, that “we’ll stop” Trump from becoming President? Witch Hunt!
Why was the FBI giving so much information to the Fake News Media. They are not supposed to be doing that, and knowing the enemy of the people Fake News, they put their own spin on it - truth doesn’t matter to them!
WITCH HUNT! There was no Russian Collusion. Oh, I see, there was no Russian Collusion, so now they look for obstruction on the no Russian Collusion. The phony Russian Collusion was a made up Hoax. Too bad they didn’t look at Crooked Hillary like this. Double Standard!
Washington Post employees want to go on strike because Bezos isn’t paying them enough. I think a really long strike would be a great idea. Employees would get more money and we would get rid of Fake News for an extended period of time! Is a registered lobbyist?
Our economy is perhaps BETTER than it has ever been. Companies doing really well, and moving back to America, and jobs numbers are the best in 44 years.
The denuclearization deal with North Korea is being praised and celebrated all over Asia. They are so happy! Over here, in our country, some people would rather see this historic deal fail than give Trump a win, even if it does save potentially millions & millions of lives!
Holding back the “war games” during the negotiations was my request because they are VERY EXPENSIVE and set a bad light during a good faith negotiation. Also, quite provocative. Can start up immediately if talks break down, which I hope will not happen!
Funny how the Fake News, in a coordinated effort with each other, likes to say I gave sooo much to North Korea because I “met.” That’s because that’s all they have to disparage! We got so much for peace in the world, & more is being added in finals. Even got our hostages / remains!
Daniel Henninger of The Wall Street Journal: “This IG Report makes it clear, as did Rod Rosenstein’s memo, that Trump was absolutely justified, unquestionably justified, in firing Jim Comey. So I think the Mueller Investigation is on pretty weak grounds right now.” Witch Hunt!
Please clear up the Fake News!
Chuck Schumer said “the Summit was what the Texans call all cattle and no hat.” Thank you Chuck, but are you sure you got that right? No more nuclear testing or rockets flying all over the place, blew up launch sites. Hostages already back, hero remains coming home & much more!
The IG Report totally destroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!
The IG Report totally distroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!
My supporters are the smartest, strongest, most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries history. It is a beautiful thing to watch as we win elections and gather support from all over the country. As we get stronger, so does our country. Best numbers ever!
Democrats can fix their forced family breakup at the Border by working with Republicans on new legislation, for a change! This is why we need more Republicans elected in November. Democrats are good at only three things, High Taxes, High Crime and Obstruction. Sad!
Great discussions with European Union Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and EU Council President Donald Tusk at the #G7Summit in Canada last week.
The Fake News Media said that I did not get along with other Leaders at the #G7Summit in Canada. They are once again, WRONG!
I have a great relationship with Angela Merkel of Germany, but the Fake News Media only shows the bad photos ( implying anger ) of negotiating an agreement - where I am asking for things that no other American President would ask for!
I’ve had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty, then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty, and now I have to beat a phony Witch Hunt and all of the dishonest people covered in the IG Report... and never forget the Fake News Media. It never ends!
Wow, what a tough sentence for Paul Manafort, who has represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other top political people and campaigns. Didn’t know Manafort was the head of the Mob. What about Comey and Crooked Hillary and all of the others? Very unfair!
The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. Any Immigration Bill MUST HAVE full funding for the Wall, end Catch & Release, Visa Lottery and Chain, and go to Merit Based Immigration. Go for it! WIN!
“Donald Trump was 100 % right to fire James Comey.” Mark Levin
“Why in the world didn’t Barack Obama fire this guy ( Comey )?” asks Mark Levin!
Wow, the highest rated ( by far ) morning show, , is on the Front Lawn of the White House. Maybe I’ll have to take an unannounced trip down to see them?
U. S. A. Jobs numbers are the BEST in 44 years. If my opponent ( the Democrats ) had won the election, they would have raised taxes substantially and increased regulations - the economy, and jobs, would have been a disaster!
Thank you for all of the compliments on getting the World Cup to come to the U. S. A., Mexico and Canada. I worked hard on this, along with a Great Team of talented people. We never fail, and it will be a great World Cup! A special thanks to Bob Kraft for excellent advice.
The IG Report is a total disaster for Comey, his minions and sadly, the FBI. Comey will now officially go down as the worst leader, by far, in the history of the FBI. I did a great service to the people in firing him. Good Instincts. Christopher Wray will bring it proudly back!
FBI Agent Peter Strzok, who headed the Clinton & Russia investigations, texted to his lover Lisa Page, in the IG Report, that “we’ll stop” candidate Trump from becoming President. Doesn’t get any lower than that!
Happy #FlagDay 🇺 🇸
Happy 243rd Birthday to the! Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, and dedication to the U. S. A. We love you!
... Schneiderman, who ran the Clinton campaign in New York, never had the guts to bring this ridiculous case, which lingered in their office for almost 2 years. Now he resigned his office in disgrace, and his disciples brought it when we would not settle.
The sleazy New York Democrats, and their now disgraced ( and run out of town ) A. G. Eric Schneiderman, are doing everything they can to sue me on a foundation that took in $ 18,800, 000 and gave out to charity more money than it took in, $ 19,200, 000. I won’t settle this case!...
So, the Democrats make up a phony crime, Collusion with the Russians, pay a fortune to make the crime sound real, illegally leak ( Comey ) classified information so that a Special Councel will be appointed, and then Collude to make this pile of garbage take on life in Fake News!
Now that I am back from Singapore, where we had a great result with respect to North Korea, the thought process must sadly go back to the Witch Hunt, always remembering that there was No Collusion and No Obstruction of the fabricated No Crime.
The Republican Party is starting to show very big numbers. People are starting to see what is being done. Results are speaking loudly. North Korea and our greatest ever economy are leading the way!
Congratulations to on his huge win in North Dakota. We need Kevin in the Senate, and I strongly endorse him. Heidi voted NO on our Tax Cuts, and always will vote no when we need her. Kevin is strong on Crime & Borders, big on Cutting Taxes!
Congratulations to Danny Tarkanian on his big GOP primary win in Nevada. Danny worked hard an got a great result. Looking good in November!
Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour of the state. RV’s are not for her. People are really upset, so phony! Josh Hawley should win big, and has my full endorsement.
So funny to watch the Fake News, especially NBC and CNN. They are fighting hard to downplay the deal with North Korea. 500 days ago they would have “begged” for this deal-looked like war would break out. Our Country’s biggest enemy is the Fake News so easily promulgated by fools!
Oil prices are too high, OPEC is at it again. Not good!
The U. S., together with Mexico and Canada, just got the World Cup. Congratulations - a great deal of hard work!
We save a fortune by not doing war games, as long as we are negotiating in good faith - which both sides are!
Before taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with North Korea. President Obama said that North Korea was our biggest and most dangerous problem. No longer - sleep well tonight!
Just landed - a long trip, but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea. Meeting with Kim Jong Un was an interesting and very positive experience. North Korea has great potential for the future!
Congratulations to Corey Stewart for his great victory for Senator from Virginia. Now he runs against a total stiff, Tim Kaine, who is weak on crime and borders, and wants to raise your taxes through the roof. Don’t underestimate Corey, a major chance of winning!
... realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received too many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t...
My political representatives didn’t want me to get involved in the Mark Sanford primary thinking that Sanford would easily win - but with a few hours left I felt that Katie was such a good candidate, and Sanford was so bad, I had to give it a shot. Congrats to Katie Arrington!
A year ago the pundits & talking heads, people that couldn’t do the job before, were begging for conciliation and peace - “please meet, don’t go to war. ” Now that we meet and have a great relationship with Kim Jong Un, the same haters shout out, “ you shouldn’t meet, do not meet!”
The World has taken a big step back from potential Nuclear catastrophe! No more rocket launches, nuclear testing or research! The hostages are back home with their families. Thank you to Chairman Kim, our day together was historic!
I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people. Our unprecedented meeting – the first between an American President and a leader of North Korea – proves that real change is possible!
There is no limit to what NoKo can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce & engagement w / the world. Chairman Kim has before him the opportunity to be remembered as the leader who ushered in a glorious new era of security & prosperity for his citizens!
It's time for another #MAGA rally. Join me in Duluth, Minnesota on Wednesday, June 20th at 6:30 pm! Tickets ➜
Here is the video, “A Story of Opportunity” that I shared with Kim Jong-un at the #SingaporeSummit ➡ ️
... realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received to many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t...
... Got along great with Kim Jong-un who wants to see wonderful things for his country. As I said earlier today: Anyone can make war, but only the most courageous can make peace! #SingaporeSummit
Heading back home from Singapore after a truly amazing visit. Great progress was made on the denuclearization of North Korea. Hostages are back home, will be getting the remains of our great heroes back to their families, no missiles shot, no research happening, sites closing...
Mark Sanford has been very unhelpful to me in my campaign to MAGA. He is MIA and nothing but trouble. He is better off in Argentina. I fully endorse Katie Arrington for Congress in SC, a state I love. She is tough on crime and will continue our fight to lower taxes. VOTE Katie!
I strongly endorse Adam Laxalt for Governor of Nevada. Adam is smart, works hard, and knows how to win. He will be a great Governor. Also, will fight hard to lower your taxes and is tough on crime!

Our Great Larry Kudlow, who has been working so hard on trade and the economy, has just suffered a heart attack. He is now in Walter Reed Medical Center.
Just won big Supreme Court decision on Voting! Great News!
The fact that I am having a meeting is a major loss for the U. S., say the haters & losers. We have our hostages, testing, research and all missle launches have stoped, and these pundits, who have called me wrong from the beginning, have nothing else they can say! We will be fine!
Stock Market up almost 40 % since the Election, with 7 Trillion Dollars of U. S. value built throughout the economy. Lowest unemployment rate in many decades, with Black & Hispanic unemployment lowest in History, and Female unemployment lowest in 21 years. Highest confidence ever!
Meetings between staffs and representatives are going well and quickly... but in the end, that doesn’t matter. We will all know soon whether or not a real deal, unlike those of the past, can happen!
Thank you Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong!
Sorry, we cannot let our friends, or enemies, take advantage of us on Trade anymore. We must put the American worker first!
Great to be in Singapore, excitement in the air!
... Germany pays 1 % ( slowly ) of GDP towards NATO, while we pay 4 % of a MUCH larger GDP. Does anybody believe that makes sense? We protect Europe ( which is good ) at great financial loss, and then get unfairly clobbered on Trade. Change is coming!
... And add to that the fact that the U. S. pays close to the entire cost of NATO-protecting many of these same countries that rip us off on Trade ( they pay only a fraction of the cost-and laugh! ). The European Union had a $ 151 Billion Surplus-should pay much more for Military!
Why should I, as President of the United States, allow countries to continue to make Massive Trade Surpluses, as they have for decades, while our Farmers, Workers & Taxpayers have such a big and unfair price to pay? Not fair to the PEOPLE of America! $ 800 Billion Trade Deficit...
Fair Trade is now to be called Fool Trade if it is not Reciprocal. According to a Canada release, they make almost 100 Billion Dollars in Trade with U. S. ( guess they were bragging and got caught! ). Minimum is 17B. Tax Dairy from us at 270 %. Then Justin acts hurt when called out!
PM Justin Trudeau of Canada acted so meek and mild during our meetings only to give a news conference after I left saying that, “US Tariffs were kind of insulting ” and he “ will not be pushed around.” Very dishonest & weak. Our Tariffs are in response to his of 270 % on dairy!
Based on Justin’s false statements at his news conference, and the fact that Canada is charging massive Tariffs to our U. S. farmers, workers and companies, I have instructed our U. S. Reps not to endorse the Communique as we look at Tariffs on automobiles flooding the U. S. Market!
… Create peace and great prosperity for his land. I look forward to meeting him and have a feeling that this one-time opportunity will not be wasted!
I am on my way to Singapore where we have a chance to achieve a truly wonderful result for North Korea and the World. It will certainly be an exciting day and I know that Kim Jong-un will work very hard to do something that has rarely been done before...
The United States will not allow other countries to impose massive Tariffs and Trade Barriers on its farmers, workers and companies. While sending their product into our country tax free. We have put up with Trade Abuse for many decades — and that is long enough.
... U. S. A. Trade. They fully understand where I am coming from. After many decades, fair and reciprocal Trade will happen!
Just left the Summit in beautiful Canada. Great meetings and relationships with the six Country Leaders especially since they know I cannot allow them to apply large Tariffs and strong barriers to...
Just met the new Prime Minister of Italy, , a really great guy. He will be honored in Washington, at the, shortly. He will do a great job - the people of Italy got it right!
Henry McMaster loves the people of South Carolina and was with me from the beginning. He is strong on Crime and Borders, great for our Military and our Vets. He is doing a fantastic job as your Governor, and has my full endorsement, a special guy. Vote on Tuesday!
. Press Briefing in Charlevoix, Canada, prior to departing for Singapore!
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somalia. They are truly all HEROES.
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somolia. They are truly all HEROES.
I am heading for Canada and the G - 7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced against the United States. From there I go to Singapore and talks with North Korea on Denuclearization. Won’t be talking about the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax for a while!
Congratulations to the Washington Capitals on their GREAT play and winning the Stanley Cup Championship. Alex Ovechkin, the team captain, was spectacular - a true Superstar! D. C. is popping, in many ways. What a time!
Looking forward to straightening out unfair Trade Deals with the G - 7 countries. If it doesn’t happen, we come out even better!
Canada charges the U. S. a 270 % tariff on Dairy Products! They didn’t tell you that, did they? Not fair to our farmers!
Obama, Schumer and Pelosi did NOTHING about North Korea, and now weak on Crime, High Tax Schumer is telling me what to do at the Summit the Dems could never set up. Schumer failed with North Korea and Iran, we don’t need his advice!
Why isn’t the European Union and Canada informing the public that for years they have used massive Trade Tariffs and non-monetary Trade Barriers against the U. S. Totally unfair to our farmers, workers & companies. Take down your tariffs & barriers or we will more than match you!
Prime Minister Trudeau is being so indignant, bringing up the relationship that the U. S. and Canada had over the many years and all sorts of other things... but he doesn’t bring up the fact that they charge us up to 300 % on dairy — hurting our Farmers, killing our Agriculture!
Please tell Prime Minister Trudeau and President Macron that they are charging the U. S. massive tariffs and create non-monetary barriers. The EU trade surplus with the U. S. is $ 151 Billion, and Canada keeps our farmers and others out. Look forward to seeing them tomorrow.
Great day of meetings with Prime Minister of Japan!
It’s my great honor to welcome Prime Minister back to the! 🇺 🇸 🇯 🇵
“$ 3 billion payoff: 101 utilities cut rates, credit GOP tax cuts”
“Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years”
“Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years”
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United States. This is totally illegal. Perhaps we could get the 13 Angry Democrats to divert some of their energy to this “matter” ( as Comey would call it ). Investigate!
When will people start saying, “thank you, Mr. President, for firing James Comey?”
Our Justice Department must not let Awan & Debbie Wasserman Schultz off the hook. The Democrat I. T. scandal is a key to much of the corruption we see today. They want to make a “plea deal” to hide what is on their Server. Where is Server? Really bad!
Looking forward to seeing my friend Prime Minister of Japan at noon. Will be discussing North Korea and Trade.
How could Jeff Flake, who is setting record low polling numbers in Arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced out of his own Senate seat without even a fight ( and who doesn’t have a clue ), think about running for office, even a lower one, again? Let’s face it, he’s a Flake!
When and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 Angry Democrats ( plus ) working on the Witch Hunt Hoax. There has never been a group of people on a case so biased or conflicted. It is all a Democrat Excuse for LOSING the Election. Where is the server?
Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Counsel... All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true!
Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Councel... All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true!
Good luck to Alice Johnson. Have a wonderful life!
Isn’t it Ironic? Getting ready to go to the G - 7 in Canada to fight for our country on Trade ( we have the worst trade deals ever made ), then off to Singapore to meet with North Korea & the Nuclear Problem... But back home we still have the 13 Angry Democrats pushing the Witch Hunt!
Thank you to everyone at HQ for today’s briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season. Disaster response and recovery is best achieved when it’s federally supported, state managed, and locally executed – this is the successful model we will continue to build.
We must always protect those who protect us. Today, it was my great honor to sign the #VAMissionAct and to make Veterans Choice the permanent law of the land!
Today we mark another milestone: the 74th anniversary of #DDay, the Allied invasion of Normandy. On June 6, 1944, more than 70,000 brave young Americans charged out of landing craft, jumped out of airplanes, and stormed into hell...
Congratulations to Dana Rohrabacher on his big California win. We are proud of you Dana!
Many more Republican voters showed up yesterday than the Fake News thought possible. The political pundits just don’t get what is going on out there - or they do get it but refuse to report the facts! Remember, Dems are High Tax, High Crime, easy to beat!
... Four reporters spotted Melania in the White House last week walking merrily along to a meeting. They never reported the sighting because it would hurt the sick narrative that she was living in a different part of the world, was really ill, or whatever. Fake News is really bad!
The Fake News Media has been so unfair, and vicious, to my wife and our great First Lady, Melania. During her recovery from surgery they reported everything from near death, to facelift, to left the W. H. ( and me ) for N. Y. or Virginia, to abuse. All Fake, she is doing really well!
Gold Star father, Ceejay Metcalf, whose great son Michael was just honored at the White House, was fantastic this morning on. He is a special man!
Great night for Republicans! Congratulations to John Cox on a really big number in California. He can win. Even Fake News CNN said the Trump impact was really big, much bigger than they ever thought possible. So much for the big Blue Wave, it may be a big Red Wave. Working hard!
Mitch McConnell announced he will cancel the Senate’s August Recess. Great, maybe the Democrats will finally get something done other than their acceptance of High Crime and High Taxes. We need Border Security!
... The greatest Witch Hunt in political history!
... This is a level of criminality beyond the pale. This is such a grave abuse of power and authority, it’s like nothing else we’ve seen in our history. This makes the Nixon Watergate burglary look like keystone cop stuff
Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch. “ They were running an operation to undermine a candidate for President of the U. S. These are all violations of law. This is intelligence tradecraft to steer an election. There’s nothing more grave when it comes to abuse of our intelligence system...
Great interview by with Chris Farrell of Judicial Watch concerning the governments counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign. SPYGATE at the highest level. Who would believe?
Wow, Strzok-Page, the incompetent & corrupt FBI lovers, have texts referring to a counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign dating way back to December, 2015. SPYGATE is in full force! Is the Mainstream Media interested yet? Big stuff!

Imagine how much wasteful spending we ’ d save if we didn’t have Chuck and Nancy standing in our way! For years, Democrats in Congress have depleted our military and busted our budgets on needless spending, and to what end? No more.
The HISTORIC Rescissions Package we’ve proposed would cut $ 15,000, 000,000 in Wasteful Spending! We are getting our government back on track.
Terrific new book out by the wonderful Harris Faulkner, “9 Rules of Engagement.” Harris shares lessons from a military family. Enjoy!
Senator of Mississippi has done everything necessary to Make America Great Again! Get out and vote for Roger, he has my total support!
Vote for Congressman Devin Nunes, a true American Patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day world... he truly loves our country and deserves everyone’s support!
Get the vote out in California today for Rep. Kevin McCarthy and all of the great GOP candidates for Congress. Keep our country out of the hands of High Tax, High Crime Nancy Pelosi.
In High Tax, High Crime California, be sure to get out and vote for Republican John Cox for Governor. He will make a BIG difference!
Separating families at the Border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the Democrats. Border Security laws should be changed but the Dems can’t get their act together! Started the Wall.
... and Champion were recently at the White House. It was a great day for a great sport!
Meeting in Singapore with North Korea will hopefully be the start of something big... we will soon see!
The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues, all because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself... I would have quickly picked someone else. So much time and money wasted, so many lives ruined... and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion!
We have had many Championship teams recently at the White House including the Chicago Cubs, Houston Astros, Pittsburgh Penguins, New England Patriots, Alabama and Clemson National Champions, and many others. National Anthem & more great music today at 3:00 P. M.
We will proudly be playing the National Anthem and other wonderful music celebrating our Country today at 3 P. M., The White House, with the United States Marine Band and the United States Army Chorus. Honoring America! NFL, no escaping to Locker Rooms!
The U. S. has an increased economic value of more than 7 Trillion Dollars since the Election. May be the best economy in the history of our country. Record Jobs numbers. Nice!
What is taking so long with the Inspector General’s Report on Crooked Hillary and Slippery James Comey. Numerous delays. Hope Report is not being changed and made weaker! There are so many horrible things to tell, the public has the right to know. Transparency!
The Philadelphia Eagles Football Team was invited to the White House. Unfortunately, only a small number of players decided to come, and we canceled the event. Staying in the Locker Room for the playing of our National Anthem is as disrespectful to our country as kneeling. Sorry!
Big Supreme Court ruling for Baker just out!
In many ways this is the greatest economy in the HISTORY of America and the best time EVER to look for a job!
The Fake News Media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony Russian Witch Hunt.
#500Days of American Greatness:
The appointment of the Special Counsel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!
Farmers have not been doing well for 15 years. Mexico, Canada, China and others have treated them unfairly. By the time I finish trade talks, that will change. Big trade barriers against U. S. farmers, and other businesses, will finally be broken. Massive trade deficits no longer!
The appointment of the Special Councel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!
The U. S. has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only WIN!
China already charges a tax of 16 % on soybeans. Canada has all sorts of trade barriers on our Agricultural products. Not acceptable!
As has been stated by numerous legal scholars, I have the absolute right to PARDON myself, but why would I do that when I have done nothing wrong? In the meantime, the never ending Witch Hunt, led by 13 very Angry and Conflicted Democrats ( & others ) continues into the mid-terms!
“This is the best time EVER to look for a job.” James Freeman of WSJ.
... We had Repeal & Replace done ( and the saving to our country of one trillion dollars ) except for one person, but it is getting done anyway. Individual Mandate is gone and great, less expensive plans will be announced this month. Drug prices coming down & Right to Try!
This is my 500th. Day in Office and we have accomplished a lot - many believe more than any President in his first 500 days. Massive Tax & Regulation Cuts, Military & Vets, Lower Crime & Illegal Immigration, Stronger Borders, Judgeships, Best Economy & Jobs EVER, and much more...
Mark Penn “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Counsel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses... Constitution was set up to prevent this... Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!
Mark Penn “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Councel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses... Constitution was set up to prevent this... Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!
... Paul Manafort came into the campaign very late and was with us for a short period of time ( he represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole & many others over the years ), but we should have been told that Comey and the boys were doing a number on him, and he wouldn’t have been hired!
As only one of two people left who could become President, why wouldn’t the FBI or Department of “Justice” have told me that they were secretly investigating Paul Manafort ( on charges that were 10 years old and had been previously dropped ) during my campaign? Should have told me!
Jesse Watters “The only thing Trump obstructed was Hillary getting to the White House.” So true!
When you’re almost 800 Billion Dollars a year down on Trade, you can’t lose a Trade War! The U. S. has been ripped off by other countries for years on Trade, time to get smart!
Why is it that the Wall Street Journal, though well meaning, never mentions the unfairness of the Tariffs routinely charged against the U. S. by other countries, or the many Billions of Dollars that the Tariffs we are now charging are, and will be, pouring into U. S. coffers?
The United States must, at long last, be treated fairly on Trade. If we charge a country ZERO to sell their goods, and they charge us 25, 50 or even 100 percent to sell ours, it is UNFAIR and can no longer be tolerated. That is not Free or Fair Trade, it is Stupid Trade!
There was No Collusion with Russia ( except by the Democrats ). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Counsel / Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
There was No Collusion with Russia ( except by the Democrats ). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Councel / Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
Real is doing great, Fake News CNN is dead!
Very surprised that China would be doing this?
Now this is a record that will never be broken!
... “$ 17 million spent, it’s a scam Investigation. Americans are being worked. We now know there was Russian collusion, with Russians and the Democrats. The Mueller team is stacked with anti-Trumpers, who actually represented Clinton people ( & gave $’s to Crooked H ).” Dan Bongino
“John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this liar. Not only is he a liar, he’s a liar about being a liar.” Dan Bongino on
“John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the Intelligence community than this liar. He’s a liar about being a liar.”
“We ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are.” Neil Irwin of the.
Today, it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the United States Coast Guard!
Canada has treated our Agricultural business and Farmers very poorly for a very long period of time. Highly restrictive on Trade! They must open their markets and take down their trade barriers! They report a really high surplus on trade with us. Do Timber & Lumber in U. S.?
Looking forward to seeing the employment numbers at 8: 30 this morning.
Why aren’t they firing no talent Samantha Bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show? A total double standard but that’s O. K., we are Winning, and will be doing so for a long time to come!
A. P. has just reported that the Russian Hoax Investigation has now cost our government over $ 17 million, and going up fast. No Collusion, except by the Democrats!
FAIR TRADE!
Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh D’Souza today. He was treated very unfairly by our government!
Very good meetings with North Korea.
Not that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pushing that narrative, but they know it is not true!
The corrupt Mainstream Media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people, Spies ( Informants ), into my campaign! Surveillance much?
Iger, where is my call of apology? You and ABC have offended millions of people, and they demand a response. How is Brian Ross doing? He tanked the market with an ABC lie, yet no apology. Double Standard!
RUSH LIMBAUGH “If the FBI was so concerned, and if they weren’t targeting Trump, they should have told Trump. If they were really concerned about the Russians infiltrating a campaign ( hoax ), then why not try to stop it? Why not tell Trump? Because they were pushing this scam.”
“The recusal of Jeff Sessions was an unforced betrayal of the President of the United States.” JOE DIGENOVA, former U. S. Attorney.
The soon to be released book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump,” written by Gregg Jarrett, looks like a real deal big hit. The Phony Witch Hunt will be opened up for the world to see! Out in 5 weeks.
Very importantly, will win for the Republicans in November... and his opponent will not. Remember Alabama. We can’t take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat!
There is no one better to represent the people of N. Y. and Staten Island ( a place I know very well ) than, who is strong on Borders & Crime, loves our Military & our Vets, voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement!
Great meeting with today, talked about prison reform and sentencing.
Moments ago, it was my great honor to sign #RightToTry into law!
With the #RightToTry Law I signed today, patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions. These are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise...
Today I am proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the #RightToTry Legislation into law.
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn’t get the call?
The Failing and Corrupt estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people, ” when in fact it was many times that number - and the arena was rockin ’. This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who don’t “ get” me, and never did!
... There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else! ” And I wish I did!
... chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, ‘oh by the way I’ m not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office, I would be frustrated too... and that’s how I read that - Senator Sessions, why didn’t you tell me before I picked you...
Rep.Trey Gowdy, “ I don’t think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country’s...
The Fake Mainstream Media has, from the time I announced I was running for President, run the most highly sophisticated & dishonest Disinformation Campaign in the history of politics. No matter how well WE do, they find fault. But the forgotten men & women WON, I ’ m President!
Sorry, I’ve got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear, bad Trade Deals, VA Choice, the Economy, rebuilding the Military, and so much more, and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating Clinton / Russia / FBI / Justice / Obama / Comey / Lynch etc.
Why aren’t the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. It’s a Rigged Witch Hunt, that’s why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!
The 13 Angry Democrats ( plus people who worked 8 years for Obama ) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections, especially now that Republicans ( stay tough! ) are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion, except by the Democrats!
“This investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about. It wasn’t just a wiretap against a campaign aide... it was secretly gathering information on the Trump Campaign... people call that Spying... this is unprecedented and scandalous.” Mollie Hemingway
We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit, and more. Kim Young Chol, the Vice Chairman of North Korea, heading now to New York. Solid response to my letter, thank you!
Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama’s term showing children from the Border in steel cages. They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad, but backfires. Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country... Bipartisan Bill!
California has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime, high tax, problems - along with so many others. On June 5th., vote for GOP Gubernatorial Candidate JOHN COX, a really good and highly competent man. He’ll Make California Great Again!
A Democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to Repeal the GOP Tax Cuts ( no chance ). This is too good to be true for Republicans... Remember, the Nancy Pelosi Dems are also weak on Crime, the Border and want to be gentle and kind to MS - 13 gang members... not good!
Our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny. They saved the lives of the men and women with whom they served. They cared for their families more than anything in the world, they loved their families. They inspired their communities...
The heroes who rest in these hallowed fields, in cemeteries, battlefields, and burial grounds near and far are drawn the full tapestry of American life. They came from every generation from towering cities and wind swept prairies, from privilege and from poverty...
Thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance. We are gathered here on the sacred soil of Cemetery to honor the lives and deeds of America's greatest heroes, the men and women who laid down their lives for our freedom. #MemorialDay
“We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate, or his campaign, under investigation. That raises legitimate questions. I just find this really odd... this goes to the heart of our electoral system.” Jonathan Turley on
“Sally Yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the Justice Dept. I find her actions to be really quite unbelievable.” Jonathan Turley
“The President deserves some answers. ” in discussing “ SPYGATE.”
Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today. Best economy in decades, lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER ( & women in 18years ), rebuilding our Military and so much more. Nice!
#MemorialDay 🇺 🇸
Why didn’t President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win, and he didn’t want to upset the apple cart! He was in charge, not me, and did nothing.
Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and myself. I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial Nation one day. Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this. It will happen!
Why didn’t the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton, many crimes, much Collusion with Russia? Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC? Rigged Investigation!
Fantastic to have 400,000 GREAT MEN & WOMEN of Rolling Thunder in D. C. showing their patriotism. They love our Country, they love our Flag, they stand for our National Anthem! Thanks to Executive Director Artie Muller.
Who’s going to give back the young and beautiful lives ( and others ) that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony Russia Collusion Witch Hunt? They journeyed down to Washington, D. C., with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nation... They went back home in tatters!
WELCOME HOME JOSH!
When will the 13 Angry Democrats ( & those who worked for President O ), reveal their disqualifying Conflicts of Interest? It’s been a long time now! Will they be indelibly written into the Report along with the fact that the only Collusion is with the Dems, Justice, FBI & Russia?
This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that haven’t been lost in decades. 13 Angry Democrats, and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years. #SPYGATE & CONFLICTS OF INTEREST!
With Spies, or “Informants ” as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister ( but it’s not ), all over my campaign, even from a very early date, why didn’t the crooked highest levels of the FBI or “ Justice” contact me to tell me of the phony Russia problem?
The Failing quotes “a senior White House official, ” who doesn’t exist, as saying “ even if the meeting were reinstated, holding it on June 12 would be impossible, given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed.” WRONG AGAIN! Use real people, not phony sources.
Unlike what the Failing and Corrupt New York Times would like people to believe, there is ZERO disagreement within the Trump Administration as to how to deal with North Korea... and if there was, it wouldn’t matter. The has called me wrong right from the beginning!
Thanks to very brave Teacher & Hero Jason Seaman of Noblesville, Indiana, for his heroic act in saving so many precious young lives. His quick and automatic action is being talked about all over the world!
Looking forward to seeing Joshua Holt this evening in the White House. The great people of Utah are Celebrating!
Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross the Border into the U. S. Catch and Release, Lottery and Chain must also go with it and we MUST continue building the WALL! DEMOCRATS ARE PROTECTING MS - 13 THUGS.
Good news about the release of the American hostage from Venezuela. Should be landing in D. C. this evening and be in the White House, with his family, at about 7:00 P. M. The great people of Utah will be very happy!
We are having very productive talks with North Korea about reinstating the Summit which, if it does happen, will likely remain in Singapore on the same date, June 12th., and, if necessary, will be extended beyond that date.
... but complain and obstruct. They made only bad deals ( Iran ) and their so-called Trade Deals are the laughing stock of the world!
Senator Schumer and Obama Administration let phone company ZTE flourish with no security checks. I closed it down then let it reopen with high level security guarantees, change of management and board, must purchase U. S. parts and pay a $ 1.3 Billion fine. Dems do nothing...
Funny to watch the Democrats criticize Trade Deals being negotiated by me when they don’t even know what the deals are and when for 8 years the Obama Administration did NOTHING on trade except let other countries rip off the United States. Lost almost $ 800 Billion / year under “O”
Chicago Police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just won’t let them do their job. The killings are at a record pace and tough police work, which Chicago will not allow, would bring things back to order fast... the killings must stop!
On behalf of the American People, CONGRATULATIONS! We love you!
Today, it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 Commencement Address at the United States in Annapolis, Maryland. Congratulations! Good luck. Godspeed. And ANCHORS AWEIGH!
Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea. We will soon see where it will lead, hopefully to long and enduring prosperity and peace. Only time ( and talent ) will tell!
Democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea. Just like they are coming to the defense of MS 13 thugs, saying that they are individuals & must be nurtured, or asking to end your big Tax Cuts & raise your taxes instead. Dems have lost touch!
“Everyone knows there was a Spy, and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there was a Spy... Widespread Spying involving multiple people.” Mollie Hemingway, The Federalist Senior Editor But the corrupt Mainstream Media hates this monster story!
Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign, by the people and party in absolute power, for the sole purpose of political advantage and gain? And to think that the party in question, even with the expenditure of far more money, LOST!
The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing party’s campaign is different than having a Spy, as illegal as that may be. But what about an “Informant ” who is paid a fortune and who “ sets up” way earlier than the Russian Hoax?
I will be making the Commencment Address today at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. Look forward to being with some of the greatest people on earth!
Today, it was my great honor to present the #MedalOfHonor to ( SEAL ) Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Britt Slabinski in the East Room of the. Full ceremony:
Today, it was my honor to sign #S2155, the " Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. ” Read more:
Sadly, I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jong Un.
Sadly, I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jung Un.
Not surprisingly, the GREAT Men & Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey, McCabe and all of the political corruption and poor leadership found within the top ranks of the FBI. Comey was a terrible and corrupt leader who inflicted great pain on the FBI! #SPYGATE
Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy, far beyond normal. Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U. S. history. SPYGATE - a terrible thing!
Will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at 6:00 A. M. Enjoy!
Great to be in New York for the day. Heading back to the now, lots of work to be done!
Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage, New York. Keep up the great work!
Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS - 13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities - and Democrats in Congress REFUSE to close these loopholes, including the disgraceful practice known as Catch-and-Release. Democrats must abandon their resistance...
Today on Long Island, we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the hands of MS - 13. I was truly honored to be joined again by the courageous families who were my guests at the State of the Union...
WITCH HUNT!
There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to other countries, you have waited long enough!
Big legislation will be signed by me shortly. After many years, RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK.
Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely, but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion.
“Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign” No, James Clapper, I am not happy. Spying on a campaign would be illegal, and a scandal to boot!
Everybody is with Tomi Lahren, a truly outstanding and respected young woman!
SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history!
“It’s clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign” Judge Andrew Napolitano
Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia, a made up Scam, and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! What goes around, comes around!
“New Bombshell in the Obama Spying Scandal. Did other Agencies SPY on Trump Campaign?” Even Clapper, worlds dumbest former Intelligence Head, who has the problem of lying a lot, used the word SPY when describing the illegal activities!
If the person placed very early into my campaign wasn’t a SPY put there by the previous Administration for political purposes, how come such a seemingly massive amount of money was paid for services rendered - many times higher than normal...
... Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia, because there was no Collusion. He was only there to spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win - just like they did to Bernie Sanders, who got duped!
For the first time since Roe v. Wade, America has a Pro-Life President, a Pro-Life Vice President, a Pro-Life House of Representatives and 25 Pro-Life Republican State Capitals!
It was my honor to welcome Cup Series Champion and his team to the yesterday!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the! 🇺 🇸 🇰 🇷
., the great Governor of Arkansas, is in a primary tomorrow. He has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes, border security, and crime prevention. Asa loves our military and our veterans. I fully endorse Asa for Governor!
Under our potential deal with China, they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce.
The Wall Street Journal asks, “WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA?” A very good question!
... they then used to start an investigation about Trump. It is that simple. This guy is the genesis of this whole Debacle. This was a Political hit job, this was not an Intelligence Investigation. Brennan has disgraced himself, he’s worried about staying out of Jail. ” Dan Bongino
... top of the FBI. Brennan started this entire debacle about President Trump. We now know that Brennan had detailed knowledge of the ( phony ) Dossier... he knows about the Dossier, he denies knowledge of the Dossier, he briefs the Gang of 8 on the Hill about the Dossier, which...
“ John Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself, he has disgraced the Country, he has disgraced the entire Intelligence Community. He is the one man who is largely responsible for the destruction of American’s faith in the Intelligence Community and in some people at the...
China must continue to be strong & tight on the Border of North Korea until a deal is made. The word is that recently the Border has become much more porous and more has been filtering in. I want this to happen, and North Korea to be VERY successful, but only after signing!
On China, Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time.
China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm / Agricultural Products - would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years!
I ask Senator Chuck Schumer, why didn’t President Obama & the Democrats do something about Trade with China, including Theft of Intellectual Property etc.? They did NOTHING! With that being said, Chuck & I have long agreed on this issue! Fair Trade, plus, with China will happen!
I hereby demand, and will do so officially tomorrow, that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FBI / DOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump Campaign for Political Purposes - and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the Obama Administration!
The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now they’re looking at the rest of the World. Oh ’ great!
... and why hasn’t the Podesta brother been charged and arrested, like others, after being forced to close down his very large and successful firm? Is it because he is a VERY well connected Democrat working in the Swamp of Washington, D. C.?
What ever happened to the Server, at the center of so much Corruption, that the Democratic National Committee REFUSED to hand over to the hard charging ( except in the case of Democrats ) FBI? They broke into homes & offices early in the morning, but were afraid to take the Server?
Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World, they should easily be able to take it into the Mid-Term Elections where they can put some hurt on the Republican Party. Don’t worry about Dems FISA Abuse, missing Emails or Fraudulent Dossier!
... in the Hillary Clinton Campaign where she deleted 33,000 Emails, got $ 145,000, 000 while Secretary of State, paid McCabes wife $ 700,000 ( and got off the FBI hook along with Terry M ) and so much more. Republicans and real Americans should start getting tough on this Scam.
... At what point does this soon to be $ 20,000, 000 Witch Hunt, composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrats and two people who have worked for Obama for 8 years, STOP! They have found no Collussion with Russia, No Obstruction, but they aren’t looking at the corruption...
Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked ( but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton ) has done a long & boring story indicating that the World’s most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia & me so now they are looking at the rest of the World!
If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign, that is a really big deal. Only the release or review of documents that the House Intelligence Committee ( also, Senate Judiciary ) is asking for can give the conclusive answers. Drain the Swamp!
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melania is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melanie is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
Happy #ArmedForcesDay to our GREAT military men and women for their selfless service to our Nation!
America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance, including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal. We have ended the war on coal, and will continue to work to promote American energy dominance!
California finally deserves a great Governor, one who understands borders, crime and lowering taxes. John Cox is the man - he’ll be the best Governor you’ve ever had. I fully endorse John Cox for Governor and look forward to working with him to Make California Great Again!
Just met with UN Secretary-General António Guterres who is working hard to “Make the United Nations Great Again.” When the UN does more to solve conflicts around the world, it means the U. S. has less to do and we save money. is doing a fantastic job!
America is a Nation that believes in the power of redemption. America is a Nation that believes in second chances - and America is a Nation that believes that the best is always yet to come! #PrisonReform
We grieve for the terrible loss of life, and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in Texas. To the students, families, teachers and personnel at Santa Fe High School – we are with you in this tragic hour, and we will be with you forever...
School shooting in Texas. Early reports not looking good. God bless all!
Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted, for political purposes, into my campaign for president. It took place very early on, and long before the phony Russia Hoax became a “hot” Fake News story. If true - all time biggest political scandal!
Why isn’t disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the $ 700,000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Virginia, led by Clinton best friend Terry M ( under FBI investigation that they killed ) gave to McCabe’s wife in her run for office? Then dropped case on Clinton!
Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants, or Illegal Immigrants, “Animals. ” Wrong! They were begrudgingly forced to withdraw their stories. I referred to MS 13 Gang Members as “ Animals,” a big difference - and so true. Fake News got it purposely wrong, as usual!
“Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign. This has never been done before and by any means necessary, they are out to frame Donald Trump for crimes he didn’t commit.” David Asman Really bad stuff!
It was my great honor to visit with our HEROES last night at Walter Reed Medical Center. There is nobody like them!
Tomorrow, the House will vote on a strong Farm Bill, which includes work requirements. We must support our Nation’s great farmers!
Great talk with my friend President Mauricio Macri of Argentina this week. He is doing such a good job for Argentina. I support his vision for transforming his country’s economy and unleashing its potential!
Talking trade with the Vice Premier of the People’s Republic of China, Liu He.
Congratulations to our new CIA Director, Gina Haspel!
Congrats to the House for passing the VA MISSION Act yesterday. Without this funding our veterans will be forced to stand in never ending lines in order to receive care. Putting politics over our veterans care is UNACCEPTABLE – Senate must vote yes on this bill by Memorial Day!
Despite the disgusting, illegal and unwarranted Witch Hunt, we have had the most successful first 17 month Administration in U. S. history - by far! Sorry to the Fake News Media and “Haters,” but that’s the way it is!
Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT. ” Andrew McCarthy says, “ There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so, this is bigger than Watergate!
Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN IMBEDDED INFORMANT. ” Andrew McCarthy says, “ There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so, this is bigger than Watergate!
Congratulations America, we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History... and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction. The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money!
Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA. She is exceptionally qualified and the Senate should confirm her immediately. We need her to keep our great country safe! #ConfirmGina
... and voted against the massive Tax Cut Bill. He’s also weak on borders and crime. Sadly, our great Military and Vets mean nothing to Bobby Jr. Lou Barletta will win! #MAGA
Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent, Bob Casey, has been a do-nothing Senator who only shows up at election time. He votes along the Nancy Pelosi, Elizabeth Warren lines, loves sanctuary cities, bad and expensive healthcare...
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan to the!
House votes today on Choice / MISSION Act. Who will stand with our Great Vets, caregivers, and Veterans Service Organizations? Must get Choice passed by Memorial Day!
... We have not seen China’s demands yet, which should be few in that previous U. S. Administrations have done so poorly in negotiating. China has seen our demands. There has been no folding as the media would love people to believe, the meetings...
... haven’t even started yet! The U. S. has very little to give, because it has given so much over the years. China has much to give!
The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing has happened with ZTE except as it pertains to the larger trade deal. Our country has been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year with China...
Congratulations to Deb Fischer. The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box! #MAGA
Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - like they haven’t been represented in many years. Lou is a friend of mine and a special guy, he will very much help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to the Washington Examiner and on the great article - on WINNING!
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay
Today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year – the day we pay tribute to the Law Enforcement Heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty. They made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live in safety and peace. We stand with our police ( HEROES ) 100 %!
Nebraska - make sure you get out to the polls and VOTE for Deb Fischer today!
Can you believe that with all of the made up, unsourced stories I get from the Fake News Media, together with the $ 10,000, 000 Russian Witch Hunt ( there is no Collusion ), I now have my best Poll Numbers in a year. Much of the Media may be corrupt, but the People truly get it!
Trade negotiations are continuing with China. They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the U. S., for many years. Stay tuned!
Our great First Lady is doing really well. Will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days. Thank you for so much love and support!
Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady, Melania. Successful procedure, she is in good spirits. Thank you to all of the well-wishers!
The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media in order to make us look as bad as possible. With that being said, leakers are traitors and cowards, and we will find out who they are!
ZTE, the large Chinese phone company, buys a big percentage of individual parts from U. S. companies. This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi.
#USEmbassyJerusalem
Big day for Israel. Congratulations!
U. S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on &. Lead up to 9:00 A. M. ( eastern ) event has already begun. A great day for Israel!
So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris. At some point countries will have to open their eyes & see what is really going on. This kind of sickness & hatred is not compatible with a loving, peaceful, & successful country! Changes to our thought process on terror must be made.
Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place. They were trying to take over the Middle East by whatever means necessary. Now, that will not happen!
China and the United States are working well together on trade, but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of China, for so many years, that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries. But be cool, it will all work out!
President Xi of China, and I, are working together to give massive Chinese phone company, ZTE, a way to get back into business, fast. Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!
Happy Mother’s Day!!!
The Senate should get funding done before the August break, or NOT GO HOME. Wall and Border Security should be included. Also waiting for approval of almost 300 nominations, worst in history. Democrats are doing everything possible to obstruct, all they know how to do. STAY!
Iran’s Military Budget is up more than 40 % since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached... just another indicator that it was all a big lie. But not anymore!
North Korea has announced that they will dismantle Nuclear Test Site this month, ahead of the big Summit Meeting on June 12th. Thank you, a very smart and gracious gesture!
Why doesn’t the Fake News Media state that the Trump Administration’s Anti-Trust Division has been, and is, opposed to the AT & T purchase of Time Warner in a currently ongoing Trial. Such a disgrace in reporting!
Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem. Congratulations to all!
The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them – not one that takes advantage of them. We will work every day to ensure all Americans have access to the quality, affordable medication they need and deserve. We will not rest until the job is done!
Today, my Administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs for the American People. We will have tougher negotiation, more competition, and much lower prices at the pharmacy counter!
Thank you Indiana! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
The highly anticipated meeting between Kim Jong Un and myself will take place in Singapore on June 12th. We will both try to make it a very special moment for World Peace!
Five Most Wanted leaders of ISIS just captured!
Senator Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal, even going at it with President Obama, & then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal - but he doesn’t really believe that! Same with Comey. Thought he was terrible until I fired him!
On behalf of the American people, WELCOME HOME!
Gina Haspel did a spectacular job today. There is nobody even close to run the CIA!
Looking forward to greeting the Hostages ( no longer ) at 2:00 A. M.
The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL ( missing ), when in fact he was flying to North Korea. Fake News, so bad!
Secretary Pompeo and his “guests” will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00 A. M. in the morning. I will be there to greet them. Very exciting!
I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea with the 3 wonderful gentlemen that everyone is looking so forward to meeting. They seem to be in good health. Also, good meeting with Kim Jong Un. Date & Place set.
Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio. He will be a great Governor with a heavy focus on HealthCare and Jobs. His Socialist opponent in November should not do well, a big failure in last job!
Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country. She represents an ever expanding group of very smart “thinkers,” and it is wonderful to watch and hear the dialogue going on... so good for our Country!
The Fake News is working overtime. Just reported that, despite the tremendous success we are having with the economy & all things else, 91 % of the Network News about me is negative ( Fake ). Why do we work so hard in working with the media when it is corrupt? Take away credentials?
The Republican Party had a great night. Tremendous voter energy and excitement, and all candidates are those who have a great chance of winning in November. The Economy is sooo strong, and with Nancy Pelosi wanting to end the big Tax Cuts and Raise Taxes, why wouldn’t we win?
The Iran Deal is defective at its core. If we do nothing, we know what will happen. In just a short time, the world’s leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the world’s most dangerous weapons...
Statement on the Iran Nuclear Deal:
John Kerry can’t get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John, you are hurting your country!
I will be speaking to my friend, President Xi of China, this morning at 8: 30. The primary topics will be Trade, where good things will happen, and North Korea, where relationships and trust are building.
Gina Haspel, my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA, is being praised for the fact that she has been, and alway will be, TOUGH ON TERROR! This is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone. The CIA wants her to lead them into America’s bright and glorious future!
I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2:00 pm.
National Prescription Drug #TakeBackDay numbers are in! Another record broken: nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills disposed! Let’s keep fighting this opioid epidemic, America!
The United States does not need John Kerry’s possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran Deal. He was the one that created this MESS in the first place!
Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections, which is what the Democrats always intended? Republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late!
Lisa Page, who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time ( to her Lover, Peter S ), and attorney Baker, are out at the FBI as part of the Probers getting caught? Why is Peter S still there? What a total mess. Our Country has to get back to Business!
Good luck to Ric Grenell, our new Ambassador to Germany. A great and talented guy, he will represent our Country well!
“The Great Revolt” by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forgotten Men & Women are forgotten no longer!
The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in place that actually protects people from injustice... and just wait ‘ till the Courts get to see your unrevealed Conflicts of Interest!
The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion, Coordination or anything else with Russia. So now the Probe says OK, what else is there? How about Obstruction for a made up, phony crime.There is no O, it’s called Fighting Back
My highly respected nominee for CIA Director, Gina Haspel, has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrorists. Think of that, in these very dangerous times, we have the most qualified person, a woman, who Democrats want OUT because she is too tough on terror. Win Gina!
To the great people of West Virginia we have, together, a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Problem is, Don Blankenship, currently running for Senate, can’t win the General Election in your State... No way! Remember Alabama. Vote Rep. Jenkins or A. G. Morrisey!
Thank you Cleveland, Ohio!
Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and business representatives. We will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results, but it is hard for China in that they have become very spoiled with U. S. trade wins!
Just returned home to the beautiful White House, from Dallas, where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the great fans and supporters of the. It was so wonderful to be there!
Great book just out by very successful businessman. Always known as somebody who knows how to win, “Capitalist Comeback” will be a big hit!
We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR. Illegal immigration must end!
Democrats and liberals in Congress want to disarm law-abiding Americans at the same time they are releasing dangerous criminal aliens and savage gang members onto our streets. Politicians who put criminal aliens before American Citizens should be voted out of office!
All of us here today are united by the same timeless values. We believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator, and that no Government can ever take it away. We believe in the rule of law - and we support the men and women of law enforcement. We have pride in our history...
JUST OUT: 3.9 % Unemployment. 4 % is Broken! In the meantime, WITCH HUNT!
Going to Dallas ( the GREAT State of Texas ) today. Leaving soon!
NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite “sources” which are constantly wrong. Problem is, like so many others, the sources probably don’t exist, they are fabricated, fiction! NBC, my former home with the Apprentice, is now as bad as Fake News CNN. Sad!
Andy McCarthy will be on tonight. 7:00 P. M.,.
Because Jobs in the U. S. are doing so well, Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973. Great!
Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must build a Wall. Mexico, which has a massive crime problem, is doing little to help!
#NationalDayOfPrayer
This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis. We won't forget what happened to our GREAT VETS. Choice is vital, but the program needs work & is running out of $. Congress must fix Choice Program by Memorial Day so VETS can get the care they deserve. I will sign immediately!
... despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms. Clifford and her attorney, this was a private agreement. Money from the campaign, or campaign contributions, played no roll in this transaction.
... very common among celebrities and people of wealth. In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used in Arbitration for damages against Ms. Clifford ( Daniels ). The agreement was used to stop the false and extortionist accusations made by her about an affair,...
Mr. Cohen, an attorney, received a monthly retainer, not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign, from which he entered into, through reimbursement, a private contract between two parties, known as a non-disclosure agreement, or NDA. These agreements are...
Our great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! I look forward to being with President Xi in the not too distant future. We will always have a good ( great ) relationship!
Ainsley Earnhardt, a truly great person, just wrote a wonderful book, “The Light Within Me,” which is doing really well. She is very special and so is her new book... bring it to number one!
As everybody is aware, the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North Korean Labor camp, but to no avail. Stay tuned!
“This isn’t some game. You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States. ” John Dowd, March 2018. With North Korea, China, the Middle East and so much more, there is not much time to be thinking about this, especially since there was no Russian “ Collusion.”
I have been briefed on the U. S. C - 130 “Hercules” cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near Savannah Hilton Head International Airport. Please join me in thoughts and prayers for the victims, their families and the great men and women of the National Guard.
Congratulations!
A Rigged System - They don’t want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal “justice?” At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! “The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!
“The questions are an intrusion into the President’s Article 2 powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive Branch Employee... what the President was thinking is an outrageous... as to the President’s unfettered power to fire anyone...” Joe Digenova, former US Attorney
There was no Collusion ( it is a Hoax ) and there is no Obstruction of Justice ( that is a setup & trap ). What there is is Negotiations going on with North Korea over Nuclear War, Negotiations going on with China over Trade Deficits, Negotiations on NAFTA, and much more. Witch Hunt!
Today, it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 at the!
Congratulations!
Today I had the great honor of awarding the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy, for the first time in 21 years, to the Black Knights at the. Congratulations!
Yesterday, it was my great honor to welcome President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the! 🇺 🇸 🇳 🇬
It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt!
Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Very much like North Korea, this should have been fixed years ago, not now. Same with other countries and NAFTA... but it will all get done. Great Potential for USA!
So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were “leaked” to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh, I see... you have a made up, phony crime, Collusion, that never existed, and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!
The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina, both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going “bonkers!”
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources ( who don’t exist ). They are totally unhinged, and the great success of this Administration is making them do and say things that even they can’t believe they are saying. Truly bad people!
During Small Business Week, we celebrate the great, hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business!
The migrant ‘ caravan’that is openly defying our border shows how weak & ineffective U. S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda – Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities. We need lawmakers who will put America First.
I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Congressional term limits. I gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts. #DrainTheSwamp
Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING, but would Peace House / Freedom House, on the Border of North & South Korea, be a more Representative, Important and Lasting site than a third party country? Just asking!
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night!
Headline: “Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U. S. Pledges Not to Invade” - from the Failing New York Times. Also, will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May.
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner was a failure last year, but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy “comedian” totally bombed ( couldn’t even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance ). Put Dinner to rest, or start over!
“Trump’s Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy!” Thank you Steve Hilton, just want to do what is right for our wonderful U. S. A.
Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time... Well, much more has been accomplished!
While Washington, Michigan, was a big success, Washington, D. C., just didn’t work. Everyone is talking about the fact that the White House Correspondents Dinner was a very big, boring bust... the so-called comedian really “bombed.” should host next year!
Great evening last night in Washington, Michigan. The enthusiasm, knowledge and love in that room was unreal. To the many thousands of people who couldn’t get in, I cherish you... and will be back!
Join me LIVE in Washington, Michigan at 7:00 pmE on! #MAGA
Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Tester’s statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There were no such findings. A horrible thing that we in D. C. must live with, just like phony Russian Collusion. Tester should lose race in Montana. Very dishonest and sick!
Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight. Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your State. Auto companies expanding at record pace. Big crowd tonight, will be live on T. V.
Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well, time and location of meeting with North Korea is being set. Also spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations.
“Clapper lied about ( fraudulent ) Dossier leaks to CNN” FoxNews He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN.
... great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Jackson is the kind of man that those in Montana would most respect and admire, and now, for no reason whatsoever, his reputation has been shattered. Not fair, Tester!
Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral / Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is unable to confirm ( in fact they deny ) any of the phony Democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful Jackson family. Tester should resign. The...
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed. Witch Hunt!
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Councel appointed. Witch Hunt!
I urge all Americans to participate in #takebackday tomorrow! Let’s come together and BEAT last October’s record of disposed prescription pills! Visit to learn more on how to participate Saturday and every day.
Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. “No evidence ” that the Trump Campaign “ colluded, coordinated or conspired with Russia.” Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia - Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!
Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss, so little time! It will be good for both of our great countries!
Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in Decades - Legacy Stuff! Thank you also to Chance and Dr. Darrell Scott, they really get it ( lowest Black & Hispanic unemployment in history ).
Please do not forget the great help that my good friend, President Xi of China, has given to the United States, particularly at the Border of North Korea. Without him it would have been a much longer, tougher, process!
So great to have Staff Sgt. Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday. These are truly brave and special people!
KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States, and all of its GREAT people, should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea!
After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing, a historic meeting between North and South Korea is now taking place. Good things are happening, but only time will tell!
Is everybody believing what is going on. James Comey can’t define what a leak is. He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION but doesn’t understand what he did or how serious it is. He lied all over the place to cover it up. He’s either very sick or very dumb. Remember sailor!
The U. S. has put together a STRONG bid w / Canada & Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries that we always support were to lobby against the U. S. bid. Why should we be supporting these countries when they don’t support us ( including at the United Nations )?
Loved being on this morning. Great show!
I will be interviewed on at 8: 00 A. M. Enjoy!
MAGA!
Thank you Kanye, very cool!
Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things, including how the U. S. has been treated unfairly for many years, by many countries, on trade.
. did a spectacular job hosting the President of France and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful, and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did.
Busy day planned. Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done... he will be GREAT!
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent.
. has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!
. has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!
“President Trump Calls the U. S. - France Relationship ‘ Unbreakable. ’ History Shows He’s Right.”
Arizona, please get out today and vote for Congress in #AZ08. Strong on Border, Immigration and Crime. Great on the Military. Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today. We need Debbie in Congress!
Americans stand with you and all of Canada, Prime Minister. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all. #TorontoStrong
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend, President of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran, Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly, here at the. 🇺 🇸 🇫 🇷
Here’s a great stat - since January 2017, the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The American people are finally back to work!
Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U. S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also, we must get Wall funding fast.
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided, I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL
Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people, including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all, never happened before. Need more Republicans!
Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office. They keep us safe and are very cool about it!
Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said, after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos, “you got to ask, what was the purpose of the Special Counsel? There’s no there there.” Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought!
Funny how all of the Pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal!
A complete Witch Hunt!
“I can die happy now with Trump Job performance, ” stated Mary Matalin. “ A great overall President, stunning!” Thank you Mary.
... We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea, maybe things will work out, and maybe they won’t - only time will tell... But the work I am doing now should have been done a long time ago!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea, and they have given up nothing. Wow, we haven’t given up anything & they have agreed to denuclearization ( so great for World ), site closure, & no more testing!
“GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton.” Good luck with that request!
“At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information.” Wall Street Journal
The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as “Mr. Magoo ” and Rod Rosenstein as “ Mr. Peepers. ” This is “ according to people with whom the president has spoken.” There are no such people and don’t know these characters... just more Fake & Disgusting News to create ill will!
James Comey’s Memos are Classified, I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore, he broke the law! Additionally, he totally made up many of the things he said I said, and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton, Lynch & others?
Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulations were great, his life complex and controversial. Others have looked at this over the years, most thought it would be done, but yes, I am considering a Full Pardon!
So funny, the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he R’s counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material, including Servers and Emails!
Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects. Will be a beautiful day!
Today, my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush, there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the.
Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West, Florida. Thank you!
Join me in Washington, Michigan on Saturday, April 28, 2018 at 7:00 pm! #MAGA Tickets:
... non-existent “sources” and a drunk / drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account / lawyer who I have always liked & respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if...
... it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use...
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Habberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use...
... non-existent “sources” and a drunk / drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account / lawyer who I have always liked & respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if...
... it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
A message from Kim Jong Un: “North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles. ” Also will “ Shut down a nuclear test site in the country’s Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests.” Progress being made for all!
James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore, the Special Council was established based on an illegal act? Really, does everybody know what that means?
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit.
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
Can you believe that despite 93 % bad stories from the Fake News Media ( should be getting good stories ), today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers, including those on Election Day? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. Make America Great Again!
Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place, including the fully loaded ships at sea, Oil prices are artificially Very High! No good and will not be accepted!
Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans... got not one Democrat Vote! Here’s a choice. They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts!
So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis, Maryland. Looking forward to being there.
So General Michael Flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book ( that should never have been written ). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I don’t think so!
James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also, he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?
James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe “under the bus.” Inspector General’s Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them! Getting a little ( lot ) of their own medicine?
Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States, making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed. We are doing a great job of law enforcement, but things such as this make safety in America difficult!
My thoughts, prayers and condolences are with the families, friends and colleagues of the two deputies ( HEROES ) who lost their lives in the line of duty today.
Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State!
... Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors, Judges and the people who make Washington work are approved. The Democrats are Obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our Country!
Democrats are obstructing good ( hopefully great ) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our Government, hence, the American People. They are “slow walking” all of my nominations - hundreds of people. At this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals!
. is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military, Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her!
THANK YOU #JIATFSouth, , and. Keep up the GREAT work!
Just arrived! Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South, NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM.
Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy “up to 400 National Guard Troops” to do nothing. The crime rate in California is high enough, and the Federal Government will not be paying for Governor Brown’s charade. We need border security and action, not words!
Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California's illegal and unconstitutional ' Sanctuary ' policies. California's dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities, putting all Americans at risk.
Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea, Military and Trade. Good things will happen!
It was my great honor to host my friend and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days. Lots accomplished, thank you! #Success 🇺 🇸 🇯 🇵
Great working luncheon with U. S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon!
Prime Minister of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club.
Best wishes to Prime Minister and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month!
Slippery James Comey, the worst FBI Director in history, was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where, by the way, there was NO COLLUSION ( except by the Dems )!
Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. Details of Summit are being worked out now. Denuclearization will be a great thing for World, but also for North Korea!
A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job, playing the Fake News Media for Fools ( but they know it )!
There is a Revolution going on in California. Sooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous, crime infested & breeding concept. Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border, but the people of the State are not happy. Want Security & Safety NOW!
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP, I don’t like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn’t work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient, profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U. S.
Pastor Andrew Brunson, a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States, is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy, but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!
It is my great honor to host!
. Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush:
. Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush:
States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores!
Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens, including aggravated felons. This is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by...
... Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society. Keep America Safe!
Welcome Prime Minister Abe!
Rasmussen just came out at 51 % Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day. Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC News / Washington Post, and they haven’t changed ( get new pollsters ). Much of the media is a Scam!
Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a truly fine gentleman!
Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He cannot come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border. The high crime rate will only get higher. Much wanted Wall in San Diego already started!
So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking, really nice to see!
I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security.
Employment is up, Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy!
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U. S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!
Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her ( lied in Congress to Senator G ), then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled, he, McCabe, and the others, committed many crimes!
Just hit 50 % in the Rasmussen Poll, much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News, it’s hard to believe! Thank you America, we are doing Great Things.
Slippery James Comey, a man who always ends up badly and out of whack ( he is not smart! ), will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history, by far!
Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many ( too many! ) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices, and even homes, are going to be raided with everything, including their phones and computers, taken. All lawyers are deflated and concerned!
I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His “memos” are self serving and FAKE!
The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out, with such precision, that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term “Mission Accomplished.” I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term, it should be brought back. Use often!
Comey throws AG Lynch “under the bus!” Why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat, or AG, in order to lay off Hillary. No golf and grandkids talk ( give us all a break )!
The big questions in Comey’s badly reviewed book aren’t answered like, how come he gave up Classified Information ( jail ), why did he lie to Congress ( jail ), why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI ( why didn’t they TAKE it ), why the phony memos, McCabe’s $ 700,000 & more?
Unbelievably, James Comey states that Polls, where Crooked Hillary was leading, were a factor in the handling ( stupidly ) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words, he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win, and he wanted a job. Slimeball!
So proud of our great Military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the finest that our Country has ever had. There won’t be anything, or anyone, even close!
A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!

DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey!! No collusion, all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes!
... untruthful slime ball who was, as time has proven, a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case, and the events surrounding it, will go down as one of the worst “botch jobs” of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!
James Comey is a proven LEAKER & LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was, in fact, fired. He leaked CLASSIFIED information, for which he should be prosecuted. He lied to Congress under OATH. He is a weak and...
Tremendous pressure is building, like never before, for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities. Started the Wall in San Diego, where the people were pushing really hard to get it. They will soon be protected!
Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP, and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those nations, Japan, who has hit us hard on trade for years!
Just had an Agricultural Roundtable with memembers of Congress and Governors. I will be making remarks on the large scale TAX CUTS given to American families and workers at 1:45 P. M. from the Rose Garden. Join me live:
I have agreed with the historically cooperative, disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller ( Unlike the Clintons! ). I have full confidence in Ty Cobb, my Special Counsel, and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process.
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year, our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge #NeverAgain. #HolocaustRemembranceDay
Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State!
Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event, the United States, under my Administration, has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS. Where is our “Thank you America?”
California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Jerry, good move for the safety of our Country!
If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December, as reported by the Failing New York Times, I would have fired him. Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper!
Big show tonight on! 9:00 P. M. on
Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the this evening. Lots to discuss as we continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform”
The is partnering with and to bring the ' s “Prescribed to Death” Opioid Memorial to the Ellipse - beginning tomorrow, April 12th to April 18th. More information:
Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake & Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democrat loyalists, or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all ( except Rosenstein who signed FISA & Comey letter ). No Collusion, so they go crazy!
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy, something that would be very easy to do, and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia, because they will be coming, nice and new and “smart!” You shouldn’t be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!
... doing things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation, which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction ( other than I fight back ), so now they do the Unthinkable, and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!
So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China, the coming North Korea meeting and, of course, the vicious gas attack in Syria. Feels great to have Bolton & Larry K on board. I ( we ) are
The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen, not a Ukrainian businessman, who asked me to do a short speech by phone ( Skype ), hosted by Doug, in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia C story!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion, Alabama Crimson Tide - to the White House. Congratulations! #RollTide
Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers... also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriers... also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Last night, it was my great honor to host America’s senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White House. America’s military is the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world. They all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform!
A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!
Attorney – client privilege is dead!
Great meeting at the this morning!
When a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2 %. When a car is sent to China from the United States, there is a Tariff to be paid of 25 %. Does that sound like free or fair trade. No, it sounds like STUPID TRADE - going on for years!
Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago, people saw his great talent, and a bright future ahead. Now he is the Masters Champion!
If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand, the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Animal Assad would have been history!
... to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK!
Many dead, including women and children, in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army, making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin, Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price...
President Xi and I will always be friends, no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal & a deal will be made on Intellectual Property. Great future for both countries!
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources ( not names ), many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true, just another hit job!
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up made garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources ( not names ), many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true... just another hit job!
“The FBI closed the case on Hillary, which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her, they never even put her under oath...” and much more. So true Jesse!
While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor, Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA. Record clean Air & Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars. Rent was about market rate, travel expenses OK. Scott is doing a great job!
Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined ( well built building ). Firemen ( and women ) did a great job. THANK YOU!
What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why aren’t they giving the strongly requested documents ( unredacted ) to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE? Stalling, but for what reason? Not looking good!
Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse, FBI, Comey, Lynch, McCabe, Clinton Emails and much more. Slow walking - what is going on? BAD!
We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue!
The United States hasn’t had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade, take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs. The U. S. is losing $ 500 Billion a year, and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades. Cannot continue!
Just spoke to to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy. May God be with them all!
Congratulations to on their new morning radio show in New York City. It was an honor to join you two – good luck!
“BET founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force”
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A. G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt, who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege? Do people really believe this stuff? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt!
China, which is a great economic power, is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages, especially over the U. S. Does anybody think this is fair. We were badly represented. The WTO is unfair to U. S.
Despite the Aluminum Tariffs, Aluminum prices are DOWN 4 %. People are surprised, I ’ m not! Lots of money coming into U. S. coffers and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Thank you Jim Justice. It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today! #MAGA
Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS, America is open for business, and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages, salaries and bonuses!
The Fake News Washington Post, Amazon’s “chief lobbyist, ” has another ( of many ) phony headlines, “ Trump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties. ” WRONG! Should read, “ Trump Defiant as U. S. Adds Trade Penalties, Will End Barriers And Massive I. P. Theft.” Typically bad reporting!
The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border. Because of the Trump Administrations actions, Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low. Stop drugs!
“Still Rising: Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent”
Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U. S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterday’s Southern California helicopter crash. We pray for their families, and our great.
When you’re already $ 500 Billion DOWN, you can’t lose!
We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who represented the U. S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $ 500 Billion a year, with Intellectual Property Theft of another $ 300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico & Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, and other, laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked... CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.
Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTube’s HQ in San Bruno, California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved. Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene.
I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs ( plus ) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P. O. leaders don’t have a clue ( or do they? )!
Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50 %, which is higher than Cheatin ’ Obama at the same time in his Administration.
Check out the fact that you can’t get a job at ratings challenged unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump? Little Jeff Zuker, whose job is in jeopardy, is not having much fun lately. They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest reporting!
The big Caravan of People from Honduras, now coming across Mexico and heading to our “Weak Laws” Border, had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play, as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW!
The Fake News Networks, those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA, are worried about the competition and quality of Sinclair Broadcast. The “Fakers” at CNN, NBC, ABC & CBS have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction!
#AutismAwarenessDay #LightItUpBlue
“President Trump's approval rate among likely U. S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday, which puts him higher than former President Barack Obama's score at the same point into his first term, according to a new poll.” Via:
39 % of my nominations, including Diplomats to foreign lands, have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay. At this rate, it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working. Never happened before. Disgraceful!
Honduras, Mexico and many other countries that the U. S. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders, drugs and crime!
As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico & Canada have tough immigration laws, whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2, 2018, World Autism Awareness Day”
An honor to host the Annual Easter Egg Roll!
So sad that the Department of “Justice” and the FBI are slow walking, or even not giving, the unredacted documents requested by Congress. An embarrassment to our country!
Only fools, or worse, are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE, and this will be changed. Also, our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country... not a level playing field!
So funny to watch Fake News Networks, among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with, criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased. Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC, which is a total joke.
Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA... They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U. S., hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours, at least until Congress changes our immigration laws!
DACA is dead because the Democrats didn’t care or act, and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders, hence drugs and crime!
... Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation, use Nuclear Option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents ( and ICE ) are GREAT, but the weak Dem laws don’t allow them to do their job. Act now Congress, our country is being stolen!
Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “Caravans” of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border, which they can do because their border laws work, not allow them to pass through into our country, which has no effective border laws...
These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act!
Mexico is doing very little, if not NOTHING, at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border, and then into the U. S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows, or I will stop their cash cow, NAFTA. NEED WALL!
Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal ( Democrat ) laws like Catch & Release. Getting more dangerous. “Caravans” coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL!
HAPPY EASTER!
Governor Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include ( 1 ) Kidnapping and Robbery ( 2 ) Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize ( 3 ) Dealing drugs. Is this really what the great people of California want?
... does not include the Fake Washington Post, which is used as a “lobbyist ” and should so REGISTER. If the P. O. “ increased its parcel rates, Amazon’s shipping costs would rise by $ 2.6 Billion.” This Post Office scam must stop. Amazon must pay real costs ( and taxes ) now!
While we are on the subject, it is reported that the U. S. Post Office will lose $ 1.50 on average for each package it delivers for Amazon. That amounts to Billions of Dollars. The Failing N. Y. Times reports that “the size of the company’s lobbying staff has ballooned,” and that...

Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair. No more! It's time to REBUILD, and we will do it with American WORKERS, American GRIT, and American PRIDE!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45 - year low. Together, we are making the economy great again!
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure, and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio. A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site, where the skills of the American Worker are forged and refined!
I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others, they pay little or no taxes to state & local governments, use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy ( causing tremendous loss to the U. S. ), and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!
... In the interim, Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkin’s service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS!
I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson, MD, as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs...
Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL!
... release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders.
My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against California's illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. California's Sanctuary laws...
. just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Korean workers. Let’s now focus on our important security relationship.
Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime, and unfortunately, maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!
For years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting!
THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen, and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens, NO WAY. We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!
Trade talks going on with numerous countries that, for many years, have not treated the United States fairly. In the end, all will be happy!
Great news! #MAGA
So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all, our country is doing great!
The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better.
. just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. He was a great help. He is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in NH and beyond. He calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times. The book is called, “What Really Happened.” Enjoy! #MAGA
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25, 2018, as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy”
Happy National #MedalOfHonorDay to our HEROES. We love you!
... lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed ( if for no other reason than they can bill more ), which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides, there was NO COLLUSION with Russia, except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems!
Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case... don’t believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. Fame & fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer, though some are conflicted. Problem is that a new...
Much can be done with the $ 1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall. It is just a down payment. Work will start immediately. The rest of the money will come - and remember DACA, the Democrats abandoned you ( but we will not )!
Because of the $ 700 & $ 716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military, many jobs are created and our Military is again rich. Building a great Border Wall, with drugs ( poison ) and enemy combatants pouring into our Country, is all about National Defense. Build WALL through M!
France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Even stronger measures needed, especially at borders!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday, and we grieve the nation’s loss. We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support. We are with you!
As a matter of National Security I've signed the Omnibus Spending Bill. I say to Congress: I will NEVER sign another bill like this again. To prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again, I'm calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all govt spending bills!
Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised, today the Department of Justice will issue the rule banning BUMP STOCKS with a mandated comment period. We will BAN all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns.
News conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill. 1:00 P. M.
I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800,000 plus DACA recipients have been totally abandoned by the Democrats ( not even mentioned in Bill ) and the BORDER WALL, which is desperately needed for our National Defense, is not fully funded.
DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall.
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: ( 1 ) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign & Russia. ( 2 ) The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient. ( 3 ) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts.
I am pleased to announce that, effective 4/9 / 18, will be my new National Security Advisor. I am very thankful for the service of General H. R. McMaster who has done an outstanding job & will always remain my friend. There will be an official contact handover on 4/9.
My honor Charlie - thank you! #MAGA
Remember when they were saying, during the campaign, that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds, but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillary’s large and highly sophisticated staff. Well, not saying that anymore!
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesn’t know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Don’t threaten people Joe!
Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy, but they just didn’t care. I had to fight for Military and start of Wall.
Got $ 1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border, rest will be forthcoming. Most importantly, got $ 700 Billion to rebuild our Military, $ 716 Billion next year... most ever. Had to waste money on Dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment.
... They can help solve problems with North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, ISIS, Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along, but didn’t have the “smarts.” Obama and Clinton tried, but didn’t have the energy or chemistry ( remember RESET ). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory ( in past, Obama called him also ). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia ( and others ) is a good thing, not a bad thing...
“ Special Council is told to find crimes, whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because...
... there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime, collusion or otherwise, or obstruction of justice! ” So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz.
“ Special Council is told to find crimes, wether crimes exist or not. I was opposed the the selection of Mueller to be Special Council, I still am opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because...
Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona. I agree with. Should have sought review.
AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned!
Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our farmers always lead the way - - we are PROUD of them, and we are DELIVERING for them! #NationalAgricultureDay
The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!
. on now! Great! 8: 18 A. M.
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added... does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is NO COLLUSION!
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I don’t believe he made memos except to help his own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?
Wow, watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked “have you ever been an anonymous source... or known someone else to be an anonymous source...? ” He said strongly “ never, no.” He lied as shown clearly on.
The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught, called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife’s campaign by Crooked H friend, Terry M, who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all, and much more!
As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded, there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are now finding out, however, there was tremendous leaking, lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI, Justice & State. #DrainTheSwamp
Happy #StPatricksDay
Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!
“U. S. Consumer Confidence Hits 14 - Year High”
It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada, and it’s unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Congress and Dean Heller, who is doing a really good job, could run for Senate unopposed!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the Iraq-Syria border yesterday. Their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten.
“President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the Shamrock ☘ ️Bowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the East Room of the White House” 🇺 🇸 🇮 🇪
Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic. Many brave First Responders rushed in to save lives. Thank you for your courage. Praying this evening for all who are affected.
It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the!
We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries ( some of them massive ). P. M. Justin Trudeau of Canada, a very good guy, doesn’t like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U. S. ( negotiating ), but they do... they almost all do... and that’s how I know!
Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have many years of Great Economic & Financial Success, with low taxes, unparalleled innovation, fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way! #MAGA
Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators, their families and our incredible.
It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began. Six months ago I promised that we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring back - and that is exactly what is happening!
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put the safety of America's children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. A tragedy like Parkland can't happen ever again!
Thank you for hosting! #MAGA
We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country!
Five of our incredible Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. We need to build FAST & we need to build for our FUTURE. Thank you for hosting this hearing! #InfrastructureInAmerica
Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U. S. companies been better than they are today!
Hundreds of good people, including very important Ambassadors and Judges, are being blocked and / or slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate. Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction. Worst in U. S. history!
All across this nation, we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless America!
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U. S. Military, straight from the heart of the American People: We support you, we thank you, we love you - and we will always have your back!
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Core Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U. S. Military, straight from the heart of the American People: We support you, we thank you, we love you - and we will always have your back!
If we don’t have a wall system, we’re not going to have a country. Congress must fund the BORDER WALL & prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country & the people of our country. We must enforce our laws & protect our people! #BuildTheWall
California’s sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk. Thousands of dangerous & violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies, set free to prey on innocent Americans. THIS MUST STOP!
“According to the Center for Immigration Studies, the $ 18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime, drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole...”
Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California!
Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA, and the first woman so chosen. Congratulations to all!
The Economy is raging, at an all time high, and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going!
THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS, AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION, FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston to the! #HoustonStrong
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress. He will be much better for steel and business. Very strong on experience and what our Country needs. Lamb will always vote for Pelosi and Dems... Will raise taxes, weak on Crime and Border.
If schools are mandated to be gun free zones, violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!
... On 18 to 21 Age Limits, watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things are moving rapidly on this, but not much political support ( to put it mildly ).
Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation moving forward. Bump Stocks will soon be out. Highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry, subject to State Law. Armed guards OK, deterrent!...
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U. S. A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers.
Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50 %, which is higher than Obama, and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are “somewhat low.” They know they are lying when they say it. Turn off the show - FAKE NEWS!
The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our government... A record in U. S. history. State Department, Ambassadors and many others are being slow walked. Senate must approve NOW!
The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races, a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to mention. I backed and campaigned for all of the winners. They give me credit for one. Hopefully, Rick Saccone will be another big win on Tuesday.
... have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia.. just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC, the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story, Maggie Haberman, a Hillary flunky, knows nothing about me and is not given access.
The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers, John Dowd, Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job and...
Epic crowd in Moon Township, Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me LIVE in Moon Township, Pennsylvania at 7:00 pmE. Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
The European Union, wonderful countries who treat the U. S. very badly on trade, are complaining about the tariffs on Steel & Aluminum. If they drop their horrific barriers & tariffs on U. S. products going in, we will likewise drop ours. Big Deficit. If not, we Tax Cars etc. FAIR!
In the first hours after hearing that North Korea’s leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end, the press was startled & amazed.They couldn’t believe it. But by the following morning the news became FAKE.They said so what, who cares!
North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28, 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meetings. I believe they will honor that commitment!
Heading to Moon Township, Pennsylvania, to be with a really good person, State Representative Rick Saccone, who is running for Congress. Big & happy crowd ( why not, some of the best economic numbers ever ). Rick will help me a lot. Also, tough on crime & border. Loves 2nd A & VETS
Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea. Also discussing opening up Japan to much better trade with the U. S. Currently have a massive $ 100 Billion Trade Deficit. Not fair or sustainable. It will all work out!
Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U. S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
Congratulations to Kristian Saucier, a man who has served proudly in the Navy, on your newly found Freedom. Now you can go out and have the life you deserve!
Chinese President XI XINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U. S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans.
The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be, if completed, a very good one for the World. Time and place to be determined.
Spoke to PM of Australia. He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship. Working very quickly on a security agreement so we don’t have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally, the great nation of Australia!
That’s right! Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work. It’s about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST!
Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick. Big crowd expected in Moon Township. Vote Rick and see you there! #MAGA
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA
Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives, not just a freeze. Also, no missile testing by North Korea during this period of time. Great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached. Meeting being planned!
“Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States” Proclamation: Remarks:
“Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States” Proclamation: Remarks:
Great meeting with at the today! #MAGA
Happy #InternationalWomensDay “First Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award”
Looking forward to 3:30 P. M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect & build our Steel and Aluminum Industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends and treat us fairly on both trade and the military.
The U. S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!
China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Our relationship with China has been a very good one, and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. We must act soon!
From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000, 000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad Policies & Leadership. Must WIN again! #MAGA
From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000, 000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad policies & leadership. Must win again! #MAGA
Great couple, great book!
Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely!
Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea. For the first time in many years, a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned. The World is watching and waiting! May be false hope, but the U. S. is ready to go hard in either direction!
Federal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that “President Trump has the right to end DACA.” President Obama had 8 years to fix this problem, and didn’t. I am waiting for the Dems, they are running for the hills!
Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is, we don’t have Stars anymore - except your President ( just kidding, of course )!
We will see what happens!
We are getting it done - jobs and security!
Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made!
The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come & go, and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision. I still have some people that I want to change ( always seeking perfection ). There is no Chaos, only great Energy!
It’s March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months, they just don’t care. Where are they? We are ready to make a deal!
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign ( with zero proof of wrongdoing ) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus, Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling.
To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! #AMERICA FIRST
... treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U. S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying.
We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA, which is under renegotiation right now, has been a bad deal for U. S. A. Massive relocation of companies & jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new & fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also, Canada must..
We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U. S. for many years. Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead. Sorry, it’s time for a change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something, and especially since this is for the American People!
If the E. U. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U. S. companies doing business there, we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U. S. They make it impossible for our cars ( and more ) to sell there. Big trade imbalance!
The United States has an $ 800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our “very stupid” trade deals and policies. Our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years. They laugh at what fools our leaders have been. No more!
Mainstream Media in U. S. is being mocked all over the world. They’ve gone CRAZY!
Happy National Anthem Day!
Heading to Billy Graham Funeral. A Special Man!
REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM!
When a country Taxes our products coming in at, say, 50 %, and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZERO, not fair or smart. We will soon be starting RECIPROCAL TAXES so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us. $ 800 Billion Trade Deficit-have no choice!
We must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DON ’ T HAVE STEEL, YOU DON ’ T HAVE A COUNTRY!
Eric, we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on T. V.
Alec Baldwin, whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing me was agony. Alec, it was agony for those who were forced to watch. Bring back Darrell Hammond, funnier and a far greater talent!
When a country ( USA ) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with, trade wars are good, and easy to win. Example, when we are down $ 100 billion with a certain country and they get cute, don’t trade anymore-we win big. It’s easy!
Alex Baldwin, whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing DJT was agony for him. Alex, it was also agony for those who were forced to watch. You were terrible. Bring back Darrell Hammond, much funnier and a far greater talent!
Good ( Great ) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA!
Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades!
Jobless claims at a 49 year low!
“Consumer Confidence in February Highest Since November 2000”
“Manufacturing in U. S. Expands at Fastest Pace Since May 2004”
Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years. Great news for workers and JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA
Our Steel and Aluminum industries ( and many others ) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world. We must not let our country, companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer. We want free, fair and SMART TRADE!
Many ideas, some good & some not so good, emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the White House. Background Checks a big part of conversation. Gun free zones are proven targets of killers. After many years, a Bill should emerge. Respect 2nd Amendment!
Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored. We say a prayer for our country: that all across this land, the Lord will raise up men and women like Billy Graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of God.
Starting at a small Bible School in Florida, Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival. From a large tent in Los Angeles, to one hundred thousand people in a single day at Yankee Stadium, to more than two million people at Madison Square Garden over sixteen weeks in 1957...
Today, in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham – an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of God’s grace.
Why is A. G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take forever, has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey etc. Isn’t the I. G. an Obama guy? Why not use Justice Department lawyers? DISGRACEFUL!
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country. MS - 13 thugs being hit hard.
I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved. Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed. OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!
The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64 % of the Trump Agenda is already done, faster than even Ronald Reagan. “We’re blown away, ” said Thomas Binion of Heritage, President Trump “ is very active, very conservative and very effective. Huge volume & spectrum of issues.”
Big legal win today. U. S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great Border Wall on the Southern Border. Now this important project can go forward!
Such a beautiful map, thank you!
. of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill done and approved. Also big help on cutting regs. I am with him in his re-election all the way!
Texas LC George P. Bush backed me when it wasn’t the politically correct thing to do, and I back him now. Also, AC Sid Miller has been with me from the beginning, he is “Trump’s Man in Texas.” Also support Comptroller Glenn Hegar, and Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick.
“American consumers are the most confident they've been since 2000... A strong job market is boosting confidence. The unemployment rate has stayed at a 17 - year low.”
I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott, Senator Ted Cruz, Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, and Attorney General Ken Paxton. They are helping me to Make America Great Again! Vote early or on March 6th.
WITCH HUNT!
“We’ve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION... I have seen nothing, the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath, that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because he’s exercising his power as the President of the U. S. I just don’t see it.” Judge Ken Starr
“I’ve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just don’t see the evidence... in terms of the collusion, it’s all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have.” Jonathan Turley on
“He’s got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clinton’s criminality at her own hands, or through others, that ought to be investigated. I fully agree with the President on that.” on Show
I will be interviewed by on at 9:00 P. M. Enjoy!
“Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts” So, what else is new. He is a total phony!
“Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump” Of course not, because there is none, and never was. This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace... and Obama did nothing about Russia!
Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow!
The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done. SO ILLEGAL!
BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS: 93 % APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING ( Thank you! ). 50 % say President Trump should Tweet MORE or SAME ( funny! ). 79 % say Republicans in Congress should do a better job of working with President Trump ( starting to happen ).
Dems are no longer talking DACA! “Out of sight, out of mind,” they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nancy Pelosi truly doesn’t care about them. Republicans stand ready to make a deal!
Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing Regulations!
Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania. . This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole. Must be appealed to the United States Supreme Court ASAP!
Armed Educators ( and trusted people who work within a school ) love our students and will protect them. Very smart people. Must be firearms adept & have annual training. Should get yearly bonus. Shootings will not happen again - a big & very inexpensive deterrent. Up to States.
So true Wayne, and Lowest black unemployment in history!
Thank you to the great men and women of the United States for a job well done!
Today, Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia to the! 🇺 🇸 🇦 🇺 Press Conference:
Our nation’s motto is IN GOD WE TRUST. This week, our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to helping us understand what those words really mean. We will never forget the historic crowds, the voice, the energy, and the profound faith of Billy Graham! #CPAC2018
We salute our great American flag, we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance, and we all PROUDLY STAND for the National Anthem. #CPAC2018
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations, we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence and our pride! #CPAC2018
For those of you who are still interested, the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them!
My daughter, Ivanka, just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better, or smarter, person representing our country.
CPAC Today!
MS - 13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands, but these killers come back in from El Salvador, and through Mexico, like water. El Salvador just takes our money, and Mexico must help MORE with this problem. We need The Wall!
“School shooting survivor says he quit Town Hall after refusing scripted question.”. Just like so much of CNN, Fake News. That’s why their ratings are so bad! MSNBC may be worse.
Today, it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the with State and local leaders, law enforcement officers, and education officials. There is nothing more important than protecting our children. They deserve to be safe, and we will deliver!
Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 A. M. to discuss School Safety. Next week it will be with our Nation’s Governors. It’s been many years of all talk, no action. We’ll get it done!
What many people don’t understand, or don’t want to understand, is that Wayne, Chris and the folks who work so hard at the are Great People and Great American Patriots. They love our Country and will do the right thing. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope!
... If a potential “sicko shooter” knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers ( and others ) who will be instantly shooting, the sicko will NEVER attack that school. Cowards won’t go there... problem solved. Must be offensive, defense alone won’t work!
... History shows that a school shooting lasts, on average, 3 minutes. It takes police & first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime. Highly trained, gun adept, teachers / coaches would solve the problem instantly, before police arrive. GREAT DETERRENT!
... immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. Far more assets at much less cost than guards. A “gun free” school is a magnet for bad people. ATTACKS WOULD END!
I never said “give teachers guns” like was stated on Fake News &. What I said was to look at the possibility of giving “ concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20 % of teachers, a lot, would now be able to
I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students, teachers and families. So much love in the midst of so much pain. We must not let them down. We must keep our children safe!! Full Listening Session:
. Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayers are with his children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry.
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions!
The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man.
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Session!
Whether we are Republican or Democrat, we must now focus on strengthening Background Checks!
So true, thank you!
Bad ratings & got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but, because it was a rally against me, they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters, but the public is wise!
Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law. " This shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic, they are ready to grow their businesses. "
... cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesn’t report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me? One had her home mortgage paid off. Only so reported... doesn’t fit the Mainstream Media narrative.
A woman I don’t know and, to the best of my knowledge, never met, is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington Post saying I kissed her ( for two minutes yet ) in the lobby of Trump Tower 12 years ago. Never happened! Who would do this in a public space with live security...
I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News!
Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new “pushed” Congressional Map, all the way to the Supreme Court, if necessary. Your Original was correct! Don’t let the Dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes & waste money!
Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House. You’ve come a long way Matt!
Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll, perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take away. Actually, they want to raise you taxes, substantially. Also, they want to do nothing on DACA, R’s want to fix!
... The President Obama quote just before election. That’s because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to “rock the boat.” When I easily won the Electoral College, the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems.
“There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America’s elections, there’s no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time, and so I ’ d invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes.”...
Thank you to for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia, including Crimea, Syria and so much more. We are now starting to win again!
“The Faith of Donald Trump,” a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb, is a very interesting read. Enjoy!
The U. S. economy is looking very good, in my opinion, even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into our country, reversing the long term trend of leaving. The unemployment numbers are looking great, and Regulations & Taxes have been massively Cut! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS
. has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Senator and worthy successor to, and has my full support and endorsement!
Obama was President up to, and beyond, the 2016 Election. So why didn’t he do something about Russian meddling?
Have a great, but very reflective, President’s Day!
Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey, who at one point I knew very well, interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes. The questions were biased and slanted, the facts incorrect. Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others!
My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today, The Daytona 500. Brian France and the France family are special people. Enjoy the race!
Thank you to KenStarr, former Independent Counsel, Whitewater, for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse, Russian meddling etc. Really great interview with
Great Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot. Big gain over last 4 weeks. I guess people are loving the big Tax Cuts given them by the Republicans, the Cuts the Dems want to take away. We need more Republicans!
The Fake News of big ratings loser CNN.
If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord, disruption and chaos within the U. S. then, with all of the Committee Hearings, Investigations and Party hatred, they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. They are laughing their asses off in Moscow. Get smart America!
Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election, he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats, lead by their fearless leader, Crooked Hillary Clinton, lost the 2016 election. But wasn’t I a great candidate?
I never said Russia did not meddle in the election, I said “it may be Russia, or China or another country or group, or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer. ” The Russian “ hoax” was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did!
Finally, Liddle ’ Adam Schiff, the leakin ’ monster of no control, is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election. He is finally right about something. Obama was President, knew of the threat, and did nothing. Thank you Adam!
Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $ 1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress, the FBI or Justice called for an investigation!
General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H, the DNC and the Dems. Remember the Dirty Dossier, Uranium, Speeches, Emails and the Podesta Company!
Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable. They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion. Get back to the basics and make us all proud!
Just like they don’t want to solve the DACA problem, why didn’t the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House & Senate during the Obama Administration. Because they didn’t want to, and now they just talk!
“I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was * NOT * the main goal.” Rob Goldman Vice President of Facebook Ads
The Fake News Media never fails. Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads, Rob Goldman!
Funny how the Fake News Media doesn’t want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014, long before my run for President. Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didn’t know!
Deputy A. G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference: “ There is no allegation in the indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity. There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election.
“Charges Deal Don A Big Win, ” written by Michael Goodwin of the, succinctly states that “ the Russians had no impact on the election results. ” There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign. “ She lost the old-fashioned way, by being a terrible candidate. Case closed.”
Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County, Florida. Will never forget them, or the evening!
Our entire Nation, w / one heavy heart, continues to pray for the victims & their families in Parkland, FL. To teachers, law enforcement, first responders & medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger: We THANK YOU for your courage!
Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014, long before I announced that I would run for President. The results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion!
Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats... totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard.
I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered. Am also working with Congress on many fronts.
Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland, Florida:
While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA, they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready, willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA!
So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed, even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities, again and again!
Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting.
My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child, teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school.
Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldn’t it be great if we could finally, after so many years, solve the DACA puzzle. This will be our last chance, there will never be another opportunity! March 5th.
Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except, of course, the Democrats. After many years we have taken care of our Military, now we have to fix our roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and more. Bipartisan, make deal Dems?
The journey to #MAGA began 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I look forward to every year. See you at #CPAC2018!
Thank you to Sue Kruczek, who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge, for your kind words while on. We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain!
This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $ 7 trillion in the Middle East, it is now time to start investing in OUR Country!
Just spoke to to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from. This is a true tragedy!
Rep. Lou Barletta, a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters, will make a FANTASTIC Senator. He is strong & smart, loves Pennsylvania & loves our Country! Voted for Tax Cuts, unlike Bob Casey, who listened to Tax Hikers Pelosi and Schumer!
4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus and / or Pay Increase because of our recently Passed Tax Cut & Jobs Bill... and it will only get better! We are far ahead of schedule.
So many positive things going on for the U. S. A. and the Fake News Media just doesn’t want to go there. Same negative stories over and over again! No wonder the People no longer trust the media, whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history! #MAGA
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers, their families, and everybody at the.
Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do. The Dems had all three branches of government back in 2008-2011, and they decided not to do anything about DACA. They only want to use it as a campaign issue. Vote Republican!
... agencies, not just the FBI & DOJ, now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the Election. Comey had conversations with Donald Trump, which I don’t believe were accurate... he leaked information ( corrupt ). ” Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch on
“ My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the Clinton / DNC Dossier, it shows that he’s been victimized. He’s been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of...
Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are old and some are new. There is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone. Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process?
According to the, a Russian sold phony secrets on “Trump” to the U. S. Asking price was $ 10 million, brought down to $ 1 million to be paid over time. I hope people are now seeing & understanding what is going on here. It is all now starting to come out - DRAIN THE SWAMP!
The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew, because of sources and methods ( and more ), would have to be heavily redacted, whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency. Told them to re-do and send back in proper form!
Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low!
Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election, and beyond. This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military, but much waste in order to get Dem votes. Fortunately, DACA not included in this Bill, negotiations to start now!
Without more Republicans in Congress, we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally, after many years of depletion, take care of our Military. Sadly, we needed some Dem votes for passage. Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election!
Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them everything — and more. First time this has happened in a long time. Also means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Wow! - Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a “paper trail ” on a “ private” meeting ( in London ) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary.
Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans.
I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45 pm. Will be discussing North Korea, China and the Middle East.
Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Great religious and political leaders, and many friends, including T. V. producer Mark Burnett of our wonderful 14 season Apprentice triumph, will be there. Looking forward to seeing all!
The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secretary Mattis what he needs to keep America Great. Republicans and Democrats must support our troops and support this Bill!
NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!
In the “old days,” when good news was reported, the Stock Market would go up. Today, when good news is reported, the Stock Market goes down. Big mistake, and we have so much good ( great ) news about the economy!
Congratulations and on the successful #FalconHeavy launch. This achievement, along with’s commercial and international partners, continues to show American ingenuity at its best!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America, Ronald Reagan!
We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system. Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security.
Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA, fully secures the border, ends chain migration & cancels the visa lottery. If D’s oppose this deal, they aren’t serious about DACA-they just want open borders.
My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson, a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken.
So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of many such preventable tragedies. We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border, and with illegal immigration, FAST!
Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law, your paychecks are going way UP, your taxes are going way DOWN, and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
Representative Devin Nunes, a man of tremendous courage and grit, may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure!
Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time. March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Dems seem not to care about DACA. Make a deal!
Little Adam Schiff, who is desperate to run for higher office, is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington, right up there with Comey, Warner, Brennan and Clapper! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. Must be stopped!
Thank you to for exposing the truth. Perhaps that’s why your ratings are sooo much better than your untruthful competition!
The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working. Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care. No thanks!
Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory!
My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina. Thank you to our incredible First Responders for the work they’ve done!
... a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the FBI to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the law... The FBI wasn’t straight with Congress, as it hid most of these facts from investigators. ” Wall Street Journal
“ The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath... The FBI failed to inform the FISA court that the Clinton campaign had funded the dossier... the FBI became...
Great jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages - and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia, Russia, Russia, despite the fact that, after a year of looking, there is No Collusion!
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead ). This is an American disgrace!
Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49 %, a far better number than I had in winning the Election, and higher than certain “sacred cows.” Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday!
“You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team.” Tom Fitton, JW
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people!
The Democrats just aren’t calling about DACA. Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast, or they’ll disappoint you again. We have a great chance to make a deal or, blame the Dems! March 5th is coming up fast.
Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech. 45.6 million people watched, the highest number in history. beat every other Network, for the first time ever, with 11.7 million people tuning in. Delivered from the heart!
March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA. They Resist, Blame, Complain and Obstruct - and do nothing. Start pushing Nancy Pelosi and the Dems to work out a DACA fix, NOW!
Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party. Will be planning Infrastructure and discussing Immigration and DACA, not easy when we have no support from the Democrats. NOT ONE DEM VOTED FOR OUR TAX CUT BILL! Need more Republicans in ‘ 18.
Join me live for the #SOTU
Congratulations to America’s new Secretary of, Alex Azar!
Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Chrysler, as an example, is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA. Unemployment is nearing record lows. We are on the right track!
Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!
Democrats are not interested in Border Safety & Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are only interested in Obstruction!
I have offered DACA a wonderful deal, including a doubling in the number of recipients & a twelve year pathway to citizenship, for two reasons: ( 1 ) Because the Republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem. ( 2 ) To show that Democrats do not want to solve DACA, only use it!
Taliban targeted innocent Afghans, brave police in Kabul today. Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims, and first responders. We will not allow the Taliban to win!
On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men, women and children, and the millions of others who perished in the evil Nazi Genocide. We pledge with all of our might and resolve: Never Again!
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on that we very badly NEED THE WALL. Must also end loophole of “catch & release” and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border NOW for Safety & Security reasons.
Thank you for the wonderful welcome! #Davos2018
DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration!
Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos, Switzerland. Speech on America’s economic revival was well received. Many of the people I met will be investing in the U. S. A.! #MAGA
Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18
Great bilateral meeting with President of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our great friendship. Such an honor to be in Switzerland! #WEF18
It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos, Switzerland. Many great discussions! #WEF18
Will be interviewed on by coming up at 6:00 amE from Davos, Switzerland. Enjoy! #WEF18
Today, Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of who lost their lives in our Nation’s eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential.
Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin of Israel - in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18
Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom, affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities. #WEF18
Will soon be heading to Davos, Switzerland, to tell the world how great America is and is doing. Our economy is now booming and with all I am doing, will only get better... Our country is finally WINNING again!
Earlier today, I spoke with of Kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at Marshall County High School. My thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Holt, Preston Cope, their families, and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery. We are with you!
Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything like it. Now Disney, J. P. Morgan Chase and many others. Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again. Long way to go! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer fully understands, especially after his humiliating defeat, that if there is no Wall, there is no DACA. We must have safety and security, together with a strong Military, for our great people!
Where are the 50,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok? Blaming Samsung!
Thank you to General John Kelly, who is doing a fantastic job, and all of the Staff and others in the White House, for a job well done. Long hours and Fake reporting makes your job more difficult, but it is always great to WIN, and few have won more than us!
Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans & Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8, but everyone will be trying... with a big additional focus put on Military Strength and Border Security. The Dems have just learned that a Shutdown is not the answer!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Page texts, perhaps 50,000, and all in prime time. Wow!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI says it is now missing five months worth of lovers Strzok - Page texts, perhaps 50,000, all in prime time. Wow!
Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: “Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again... Schumer and Dems caved... gambled and lost.” Thank you for your honesty Jim!
Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for everyone, including Republicans, Democrats and DACA, but especially for our Great Military and Border Security. Should be able to get there. See you at the negotiating table!
End the Democrats Obstruction!
Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They don’t want to do it but are powerless!
The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. Not good!
Thank you to Brad Blakeman on for grading year one of my presidency with an “A” - and likewise to Doug Schoen for the very good grade and statements. Working hard!
Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border. The Dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked. If stalemate continues, Republicans should go to 51 % ( Nuclear Option ) and vote on real, long term budget, no C. R.’s!
Eric Trump on on now!
The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation, in just twelve months, than any other Administration has terminated during their full term in office, no matter what the length. The good news is, THERE IS MUCH MORE TO COME!
Unprecedented success for our Country, in so many ways, since the Election. Record Stock Market, Strong on Military, Crime, Borders, & ISIS, Judicial Strength & Numbers, Lowest Unemployment for Women & ALL, Massive Tax Cuts, end of Individual Mandate - and so much more. Big 2018!
Beautiful weather all over our great country, a perfect day for all Women to March. Get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months. Lowest female unemployment in 18 years!
Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Can’t let that happen!
#AMERICA FIRST!
For those asking, the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate, and they need 60. That is why we need to win more Republicans in 2018 Election! We can then be even tougher on Crime ( and Border ), and even better to our Military & Veterans!
This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present. #DemocratShutdown
Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dangerous Southern Border. They could have easily made a deal but decided to play Shutdown politics instead. #WeNeedMoreRepublicansIn18 in order to power through mess!
Not looking good for our great Military or Safety & Security on the very dangerous Southern Border. Dems want a Shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the Tax Cuts, and what they are doing for our booming economy.
Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with - working on solutions for Security and our great Military together with McConnell and. Making progress - four week extension would be best!
Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wrongly abused during the election. I will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the American people first!
Today, I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual! You are living witnesses of this year’s March for Life theme: #LoveSavesLives.
“Shutting down the government is a very serious thing. People die, accidents happen. I don’t know how I would vote right now on a CR, OK?” Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D-Calif )
. Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Mulvaney...
Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives. Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass in the Senate - but they want illegal immigration and weak borders. Shutdown coming? We need more Republican victories in 2018!
House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight. So important for our country - our Military needs it!
AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big, dreams bigger, and always reaches for the stars. YOU are the ones who will shape America’s destiny. YOU are the ones who will restore our prosperity. And YOU are the ones who are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA
Departing Pittsburgh now, where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers, and to show the world that AMERICA is back - and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before!
A government shutdown will be devastating to our military... something the Dems care very little about!
CHIP should be part of a long term solution, not a 30 Day, or short term, extension!
We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country. We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from Mexico, now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world. If there is no Wall, there is no Deal!
Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE, running for Congress in a Special Election ( March 13 ). Rick is a great guy. We need more Republicans to continue our already successful agenda!
... The Wall will be paid for, directly or indirectly, or through longer term reimbursement, by Mexico, which has a ridiculous $ 71 billion dollar trade surplus with the U. S. The $ 20 billion dollar Wall is “peanuts” compared to what Mexico makes from the U. S. NAFTA is a bad joke!
The Wall is the Wall, it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it. Parts will be, of necessity, see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains, wastelands or tough rivers or water...
ISIS is in retreat, our economy is booming, investments and jobs are pouring back into the country, and so much more! Together there is nothing we can’t overcome--even a very biased media. We ARE Making America Great Again!
Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage, there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD NEWS for the American people to be proud of!
And the FAKE NEWS winners are...
Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession - - beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOLLARS.
During the campaign, I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers!
I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United States. Great to see Apple follow through as a result of TAX CUTS. Huge win for American workers and the USA!
Eric Trump on now!
... we need to keep America safe, including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system, to one that is merit-based.
New report from DOJ & DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-born. We have submitted to Congress a list of resources and reforms...
Today, it was my honor to welcome President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the!
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims January 16, 2018, as Religious Freedom Day”
Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded. Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubled. Thank you, and it will get even ( much ) better!
“90 % of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative” - and much of it contrived! @foxandfriends
Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news, but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead, except as it pertains to the Dems. Public gets it!
The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military, at a time we need it more than ever. We need a merit based system of immigration, and we need it now! No more dangerous Lottery.
We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER, and we must have a great WALL to help protect us, and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country!
Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals can’t get made when there is no trust! Durbin blew DACA and is hurting our Military.
... to stop drugs, they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do. ” My standard is very simple, AMERICA FIRST & MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Statement by me last night in Florida: “ Honestly, I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about DACA, but they don’t want to help.. We are ready, willing and able to make a deal but they don’t want to. They don’t want security at the border, they don’t want...
... big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible ” ( among many other things ). “President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama, and reversed our economic decline.” Thank you Stuart Varney.
“ President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000, 000 workers. Most explosive Stock Market rally that we’ve seen in modern times. 18,000 to 26,000 from Election, and grounded in profitability and growth. All Trump, not 0...
I, as President, want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people coming in through a system based on MERIT. No more Lotteries! #AMERICA FIRST
DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don’t really want it, they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our Military.
... and they knew exactly what I said and meant. They just wanted a story. FAKE NEWS!
The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them “I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un ” ( of N. Korea ). Obviously I didn’t say that. I said “ I ’ d have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un,” a big difference. Fortunately we now record conversations with reporters...
So much Fake News is being reported. They don’t even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong. They promote the Fake Book of a mentally deranged author, who knowingly writes false information. The Mainstream Media is crazed that WE won the election!
I don’t believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time but, day by day, they are blowing the one great opportunity they have. Too bad!
Yesterday was another big day for jobs and the Stock Market. Chrysler coming back to U. S. ( Michigan ) from Mexico and many more companies paying out Tax Cut money to employees. If Dems won in November, Market would have TANKED! It was headed for disaster.
AMERICA FIRST!
The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great opportunity missed. Too bad!
Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA, from Mexico and many others will follow. Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. American business is hot again!
Today, it was my great honor to proclaim January 15, 2018, as Martin Luther King Jr., Federal Holiday. I encourage all Americans to observe this day with appropriate civic, community, and service activities in honor of Dr. King's life and legacy.
Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is, obviously, a very poor and troubled country. Never said “take them out.” Made up by Dems. I have a wonderful relationship with Haitians. Probably should record future meetings - unfortunately, no trust!
Sadly, Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal, not a fair deal, for DACA. Take care of our Military, and our Country, FIRST!
The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough, but this was not the language used. What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for DACA!
... Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety, DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The Dems will threaten “shutdown,” but what they are really doing is shutting down our military, at a time we need it most. Get smart, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
... countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. I want safety and security for our people. I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. I want to fund our military, not do a Dem defund...
The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen was a big step backwards. Wall was not properly funded, Chain & Lottery were made worse and USA would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime...
Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London for “peanuts,” only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars. Bad deal. Wanted me to cut ribbon-NO!
The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border, risking thousands of lives in the process. It is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all Americans. We must build a Great Wall, think Merit and end Lottery & Chain. USA!
Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization. Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal. She blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first!
Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan, reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysler, a very wise decision. The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for Trump / Pence. Plenty of more to follow!
More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform: Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $ 1 BILLION in Michigan plant, relocating their heavy-truck production from Mexico to Michigan, adding 2,500 new jobs and paying $ 2,000 bonus to U. S. employees!
Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special!
Thank you Adam Levine, The Federalist, in interview on “Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen.”
With that being said, I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today’s vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land. We need it! Get smart!
“45 year low in illegal immigration this year.”
“House votes on controversial FISA ACT today.” This is the act that may have been used, with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier, to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others?
In new Quinnipiac Poll, 66 % of people feel the economy is “Excellent or Good.” That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll.
Disproven and paid for by Democrats “Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election?” Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails? What a mess!
Good news: Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville, Alabama, plant which will produce over 300,000 cars and SUV’s a year and employ 4000 people. Companies are coming back to the U. S. in a very big way. Congratulations Alabama!
Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announce they are bringing 4,000 JOBS and investing $ 1.6 BILLION in Alabama, helping to further grow our economy!
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval. The safety and security of our country is # 1!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the - a great friend and ally of the United States! Joint press conference:
I want to thank my for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead. Together, we are delivering results and MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion, everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion, & yet on and on it goes. Russia & the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control!
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein, who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump / Russia has not been found, would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way, totally without authorization, is a disgrace. Must have tough Primary!
It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case ( such as DACA ) always runs to the 9th Circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts.
. HSI agents and ERO officers, on behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7 / 365 to keep fellow American’s SAFE. Everyone is so grateful! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay President
Thank you Kevin McCarthy! Couldn’t agree w / you more. TOGETHER, we are #MAGA 🇺 🇸
As I made very clear today, our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval.
Today, it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life. We must ensure that our HEROES are given the care and support they so richly deserve!
Thanks to all of the Republican and Democratic lawmakers for today’s very productive meeting on immigration reform. There was strong agreement to negotiate a bill that deals with border security, chain migration, lottery and DACA.
It was my great honor to sign H. R. 267, the “Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act,” which redesignates the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia as the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park.
On behalf of the American people, THANK YOU to our incredible law enforcement officers. As President of the United States - I will fight for you, and I will never, ever let you down. Now, more than ever, we must support the men and women in blue! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay
We are fighting for our farmers, for our country, and for our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG. We want our flag respected - and we want our NATIONAL ANTHEM respected also!
In every decision we make, we are honoring America’s PROUD FARMING LEGACY. Years of crushing taxes, crippling regs, & corrupt politics left our communities hurting, our economy stagnant, & millions of hardworking Americans COMPLETELY FORGOTTEN. But they are not forgotten ANYMORE!
We have been working every day to DELIVER for America’s Farmers just as they work every day to deliver FOR US. #AFBF18
Can’t wait to be back in the amazing state of Tennessee to address the 99th American Federation’s Annual Convention in Nashville! #AFBF18 On my way now - join me LIVE at 4:00 pmE:
African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country. The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a full point in the last year and is close to the lowest in recorded history. Dems did nothing for you but get your vote! #NeverForget
... Clinton in the WH, doubling down on Barack Obama’s failed policies, washes away any doubts that America made the right choice. This was truly a change election — and the changes Trump is bringing are far-reaching & necessary. ” Thank you Michael Goodwin!
“ His is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency. So much so that, despite my own frustration over his missteps, there has never been a day when I wished Hillary Clinton were president. Not one. Indeed, as Trump’s accomplishments accumulate, the mere thought of...
The Stock Market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only Record Setting Stock Prices, but present and future Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. Seven TRILLION dollars of value created since our big election win!
The Fake News Awards, those going to the most corrupt & biased of the Mainstream Media, will be presented to the losers on Wednesday, January 17th, rather than this coming Monday. The interest in, and importance of, these awards is far greater than anyone could have anticipated!
Jake Tapper of Fake News CNN just got destroyed in his interview with Stephen Miller of the Trump Administration. Watch the hatred and unfairness of this CNN flunky!
I’ve had to put up with the Fake News from the first day I announced that I would be running for President. Now I have to put up with a Fake Book, written by a totally discredited author. Ronald Reagan had the same problem and handled it well. So will I!
Leaving Camp David for the White House. Great meetings with the Cabinet and Military on many very important subjects including Border Security & the desperately needed Wall, the ever increasing Drug and Opioid Problem, Infrastructure, Military, Budget, Trade and DACA.
... to President of the United States ( on my first try ). I think that would qualify as not smart, but genius... and a very stable genius at that!
... Actually, throughout my life, my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being, like, really smart. Crooked Hillary Clinton also played these cards very hard and, as everyone knows, went down in flames. I went from VERY successful businessman, to top T. V. Star...
Now that Russian collusion, after one year of intense study, has proven to be a total hoax on the American public, the Democrats and their lapdogs, the Fake News Mainstream Media, are taking out the old Ronald Reagan playbook and screaming mental stability and intelligence...
Brian Ross, the reporter who made a fraudulent live newscast about me that drove the Stock Market down 350 points ( billions of dollars ), was suspended for a month but is now back at ABC NEWS in a lower capacity. He is no longer allowed to report on Trump. Should have been fired!
The African American unemployment rate fell to 6.8 %, the lowest rate in 45 years. I am so happy about this News! And, in the Washington Post ( of all places ), headline states, “Trumps first year jobs numbers were very, very good.”
Michael Wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book. He used Sloppy Steve Bannon, who cried when he got fired and begged for his job. Now Sloppy Steve has been dumped like a dog by almost everyone. Too bad!
Good idea Rand!
The Mercer Family recently dumped the leaker known as Sloppy Steve Bannon. Smart!
Well, now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton and the FBI / Russia, the Fake News Media ( Mainstream ) and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable. They should try winning an election. Sad!
Dow goes from 18,589 on November 9, 2016, to 25,075 today, for a new all-time Record. Jumped 1000 points in last 5 weeks, Record fastest 1000 point move in history. This is all about the Make America Great Again agenda! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. Six trillion dollars in value created!
The Fake News Media barely mentions the fact that the Stock Market just hit another New Record and that business in the U. S. is booming... but the people know! Can you imagine if “O” was president and had these numbers - would be biggest story on earth! Dow now over 25,000.
I authorized Zero access to White House ( actually turned him down many times ) for author of phony book! I never spoke to him for book. Full of lies, misrepresentations and sources that don’t exist. Look at this guy’s past and watch what happens to him and Sloppy Steve!
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to the great Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform. We must BUILD THE WALL, stop illegal immigration, end chain migration & cancel the visa lottery. The current system is unsafe & unfair to the great people of our country - time for change!
Dow just crashes through 25,000. Congrats! Big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing.
So beautiful... Show this picture to the NFL players who still kneel!
With all of the failed “experts ” weighing in, does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on between North and South Korea right now if I wasn’t firm, strong and willing to commit our total “ might” against the North. Fools, but talks are a good thing!
As Americans, you need identification, sometimes in a very strong and accurate form, for almost everything you do... except when it comes to the most important thing, VOTING for the people that run your country. Push hard for Voter Identification!
Many mostly Democrat States refused to hand over data from the 2016 Election to the Commission On Voter Fraud. They fought hard that the Commission not see their records or methods because they know that many people are voting illegally. System is rigged, must go to Voter I. D.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Stock Market had another good day but, now that the Tax Cut Bill has passed, we have tremendous upward potential. Dow just short of 25,000, a number that few thought would be possible this soon into my administration. Also, unemployment went down to 4.1 %. Only getting better!
“Some 40 U. S. companies have responded to President Trump’s tax cut and reform victory in Congress last year by handing out bonuses up to $ 2,000, increases in 401k matches and spending on charity, a much higher number than previously known.”
Melania and I are deeply saddened by the death of Thomas S. Monson, a beloved President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints...
Such respect for the people of Iran as they try to take back their corrupt government. You will see great support from the United States at the appropriate time!
“President Trump has something now he didn’t have a year ago, that is a set of accomplishments that nobody can deny. The accomplishments are there, look at his record, he has had a very significant first year.” Show, David Asman & Ed Rollins
I will be announcing THE MOST DISHONEST & CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR on Monday at 5:00 o ’ clock. Subjects will cover Dishonesty & Bad Reporting in various categories from the Fake News Media. Stay tuned!
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the “Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times.” Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a Nuclear Button, but it is a much bigger & more powerful one than his, and my Button works!
Congratulations to Senator Orrin Hatch on an absolutely incredible career. He has been a tremendous supporter, and I will never forget the ( beyond kind ) statements he has made about me as President. He is my friend and he will be greatly missed in the U. S. Senate!
We will not rest until all of America’s GREAT VETERANS can receive the care they so richly deserve. Tremendous progress has been made in a short period of time. Keep up the great work!
Democrats are doing nothing for DACA - just interested in politics. DACA activists and Hispanics will go hard against Dems, will start “falling in love” with Republicans and their President! We are about RESULTS.
... impartial journalists of a much higher standard, lose all of your phony and non-existent “sources,” and treat the President of the United States FAIRLY, so that the next time I ( and the people ) win, you won’t have to write an apology to your readers for a job poorly done! GL
The Failing New York Times has a new publisher, A. G. Sulzberger. Congratulations! Here is a last chance for the Times to fulfill the vision of its Founder, Adolph Ochs, “to give the news impartially, without fear or FAVOR, regardless of party, sect, or interests involved.” Get...
Since taking office I have been very strict on Commercial Aviation. Good news - it was just reported that there were Zero deaths in 2017, the best and safest year on record!
Sanctions and “other” pressures are beginning to have a big impact on North Korea. Soldiers are dangerously fleeing to South Korea. Rocket man now wants to talk to South Korea for first time. Perhaps that is good news, perhaps not - we will see!
Companies are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the Tax Cut Bill. Really great!
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the Border. We will be bringing in more & more of your great folks and will build the desperately needed WALL!
Crooked Hillary Clinton’s top aid, Huma Abedin, has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols. She put Classified Passwords into the hands of foreign agents. Remember sailors pictures on submarine? Jail! Deep State Justice Dept must finally act? Also on Comey & others
The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime. All of the money that President Obama so foolishly gave them went into terrorism and into their “pockets.” The people have little food, big inflation and no human rights. The U. S. is watching!
Will be leaving Florida for Washington ( D. C. ) today at 4:00 P. M. Much work to be done, but it will be a great New Year!
Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration. The great Iranian people have been repressed for many years. They are hungry for food & for freedom. Along with human rights, the wealth of Iran is being looted. TIME FOR CHANGE!
The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years, and they have given us nothing but lies & deceit, thinking of our leaders as fools. They give safe haven to the terrorists we hunt in Afghanistan, with little help. No more!
HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and much faster than anyone thought possible!
As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, I want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, and even the very dishonest Fake News Media, a Happy and Healthy New Year. 2018 will be a great year for America!
Iran, the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis, has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate. Not good!
My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County, and their families. We love our police and law enforcement - God Bless them all! #LESM
Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the Election. People are much better off now not to mention ISIS, VA, Judges, Strong Border, 2nd A, Tax Cuts & more?
If the Dems ( Crooked Hillary ) got elected, your stocks would be down 50 % from values on Election Day. Now they have a great future - and just beginning!
Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. Looks like they will not take it any longer. The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations!
“Trump Rally: Stocks put 2017 in the record books”
Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U. S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically Cut, and it will only get better. MUCH MORE TO COME!
I use Social Media not because I like to, but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair “press, ” now often referred to as Fake News Media. Phony and non-existent “ sources” are being used more often than ever. Many stories & reports a pure fiction!
On Taxes: “This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever, going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years ago.This is a huge pro-growth stimulus for the economy. Every year the Obama WH overstated how the economy would grow. Now real economics and jobs.” Report
Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever, and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The world is watching!
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of the United States, that Iran’s people are what their leaders fear the most...
Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regime’s corruption & its squandering of the nation’s wealth to fund terrorism abroad. Iranian govt should respect their people’s rights, including right to express themselves. The world is watching! #IranProtests
The Democrats have been told, and fully understand, that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL at the Southern Border and an END to the horrible Chain Migration & ridiculous Lottery System of Immigration etc. We must protect our Country at all cost!
Why is the United States Post Office, which is losing many billions of dollars a year, while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages, making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer? Should be charging MUCH MORE!
While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating, just showed that my rating on Dec. 28, 2017, was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28, 2009, which was 47 %... and this despite massive negative Trump coverage & Russia hoax!
In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Year’s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen!
Retail sales are at record numbers. We’ve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you haven’t seen anything yet!
Vanity Fair, which looks like it is on its last legs, is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour, who was all set to be Amb to Court of St James’s & a big fundraiser for CH, is beside herself in grief & begging for forgiveness!
“Arrests of MS - 13 Members, Associates Up 83 % Under Trump”
“On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21, the U. S. military est the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles..”
Just left West Palm Beach Fire & Rescue # 2. Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us. Firefighters, paramedics, first responders - what amazing people they are!
“On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21, the U. S. military estimates the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles...” via
All signs are that business is looking really good for next year, only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill. Will be a great year for Companies and JOBS! Stock Market is poised for another year of SUCCESS!
WOW, “Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign, DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT ( after all of this time ) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA / TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED.” And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign!
Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill, which essentially Repeals ( over time ) ObamaCare, the Democrats & Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan!
I hope everyone is having a great Christmas, then tomorrow it’s back to work in order to Make America Great Again ( which is happening faster than anyone anticipated )!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!
People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
The Tax Cut / Reform Bill, including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate, brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Don’t let the Fake News convince you otherwise... and our insider Polls are strong!
The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting, we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
. - FBI’s Andrew McCabe, “in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M ( Clinton Puppet ), he was using, allegedly, his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton.”
Remember, the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year. In Senate, I said Roy M would lose in Alabama and supported Big Luther Strange - and Roy lost. Virginia candidate was not a “Trumper,” and he lost. Good Republican candidates will win BIG!
The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration, perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly, will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media!
Wow, “FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned,” according to.
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!
How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin ’ James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation ( including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails ) be given $ 700,000 for wife’s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?
Remember, the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate, which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill.
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants Peace, not Death!
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER!
95 % of Americans will pay less or, at worst, the same amount of taxes ( mostly far less ). The Dems only want to raise your taxes!
Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office. Will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill.
With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals ( broke Harry Truman’s Record ), Regulation Cutting, Judicial Appointments, Building Military, VA, TAX CUTS & REFORM, Record Economy / Stock Market and so much more, I am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news?
“The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year.” Thank you Charlie Kirk of Turning Points USA. Sadly, the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. We are compiling a long & beautiful list.
At some point, and for the good of the country, I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan fashion. Infrastructure would be a perfect place to start. After having foolishly spent $ 7 trillion in the Middle East, it is time to start rebuilding our country!
So true!
Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of “love” - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses. This is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of, and now it is the rage. Merry Christmas!
THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the yesterday. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular, just passed, Tax Cuts. House Republicans, don’t let this happen. Pass the C. R. TODAY and keep our Government OPEN!
Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Was just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success!
The Massive Tax Cuts, which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bosses, will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. Companies are already making big payments to workers. Dems want to raise taxes, hate these big Cuts!
We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people! #TaxCutsandJobsAct
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I would like to congratulate on having done a fantastic job both strategically & politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT & Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES!
The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful, and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends, the defeated Dems, and only demean. This is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves, starting very soon. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate ( ObamaCare ) Repealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved, there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P. M.
Congratulations to Paul Ryan, Kevin McCarthy, Kevin Brady, Steve Scalise, Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great House Republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes!
A story in the that I was close to “rescinding” the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirmation is FAKE NEWS. I never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a Justice of the U. S. Supreme Court. The unnamed sources don’t exist!
Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size. Immediate expensing will have a big impact. Biggest Tax Cuts and Reform EVER passed. Enjoy, and create many beautiful JOBS!
DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow!
Thank you Maria B!
So true Ivanka!
As the world watches, we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country!
When the American People speak, ALL OF US should listen. Just over one year ago, you spoke loud and clear. On November 8, 2016, you voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Over the past 11 months, I have travelled tens of thousands of miles, to visit 13 countries. I have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere I traveled, it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE!
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities...
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House.
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads, bridges, tunnels, railways ( and more ) crumble! Not for long!
Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on.
Remember, Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie and Moore would lose ( for very different reasons ), and they did. I also predicted “I” would win. Republicans will do well in 2018, very well!
More than a century after conquering flight, the #WrightBrothers continue to motivate & inspire Americans, who never tire of exploration & innovation. This GREAT AMERICAN SPIRIT can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation:
Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to the now.
As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country. Now, we are just days away...
TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U. S. workers, leading to higher growth, higher wages, and more JOBS!
Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys, Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie, on the success of their just out book, “Let Trump Be Trump.” Finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign!
Great job Kevin, we are all proud of you!
DOW, S & P 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs! #MAGA
Today, it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One ( HMX - 1 ) at the Marine Corps Air Facility in Quantico, Virginia. I am honored to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service. We love you!
You are always there for us – THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE. Thank you to our police, thank you to our sheriffs, and thank you to our law enforcement families. God Bless you all, and GOD BLESS AMERICA! #LESM
To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico, CONGRATULATIONS!
It was my honor. THANK YOU!
“Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest Outlook Survey”
In 1960, there were approximately 20,000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185,000 pages, as seen in the Roosevelt Room. Today, we CUT THE RED TAPE! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
When Americans are free to thrive, innovate, & prosper, there is no challenge too great, no task too large, & no goal beyond our reach. We are a nation of explorers, pioneers, innovators & inventors. We are nation of people who work hard, dream big, & who never, ever give up...
Today, we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades, an ever-growing maze of regs, rules, and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars, millions of jobs, countless American factories, & devastated entire industries.
As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday, working Americans. If you make your voices heard, this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning – the dawn of a brilliant American future shining with PATRIOTISM, PROSPERITY AND PRIDE!
Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime, the Stock Market hit another record high!
Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success.
If last night’s election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate.
Wow, more than 90 % of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media, the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke!
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange ( and his numbers went up mightily ), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election. I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!
Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great, and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends!
Wishing all of those celebrating #Hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love.
Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High, along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Working to pass MASSIVE TAX CUTS ( looking good ).
The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion, weak on Crime, Military and Illegal Immigration, Bad for Gun Owners and Veterans and against the WALL. Jones is a Pelosi / Schumer Puppet. Roy Moore will always vote with us. VOTE ROY MOORE!
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago ( and would do anything for them ), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill & Crooked-USED!
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I don’t know and / or have never met. FAKE NEWS!
Another false story, this time in the Failing, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting.
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed... a stain on America!
Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important, but SPECIAL!
Things are going really well for our economy, a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing! Stock Market hit another RECORD HIGH, unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the USA. Really good news, and much more to come!
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY! Congratulations!
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY ( last time was 1996 ). Wow! Congratulations!
. of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE ( fraud? ) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when, in fact, he knew the arena was packed ( as shown also on T. V. ). FAKE NEWS, he should be fired.
. put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w / thousands of people outside, on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology & retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo!
Have a great game today, and - I will be watching. We love our U. S. Military. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service! #ArmyNavyGame #USA 🇺 🇸
It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum & the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past & dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom, equality, justice & peace.
Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor,. Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum!
CNN’S slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN, THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS!
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News ( who should be immediately fired for his “mistake” ). Watch to see if fires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence?
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We can’t have a Pelosi / Schumer Liberal Democrat, Jones, in that important Alabama Senate seat. Need your vote to Make America Great Again! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country.
GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola, Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters, the crowd was loud, loving and really smart. They definitely get what’s going on. Thank you Pensacola!
We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem, and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION UNDER GOD!
This is your land, this is your home, and it's your voice that matters the most. So speak up, be heard, and fight, fight, fight for the change you've been waiting for your entire life! MERRY CHRISTMAS and THANK YOU Pensacola, Florida!
Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center. Join me LIVE on in 10 minutes! #MAGA
On my way to Pensacola, Florida. See everyone soon! #MAGA
“The unemployment rate remains at a 17 - year low of 4.1 %. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6 %, the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate among Hispanics dropped to 4.7 %, the lowest ever recorded...”
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped, as has incorrectly been reported, but will be pursued and, if anything, substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating!
LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already. The Pelosi / Schumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100 % of the time. He’s bad on Crime, Life, Border, Vets, Guns & Military. VOTE ROY MOORE!
Big crowd expected today in Pensacola, Florida, for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so short a period of time... and yet are planning to do so much more! See you there!
I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn’t!
Tonight, Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the – and wish them all a very #HappyHanukkah
Across the battlefields, oceans, and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war, one great battle cry could be heard by America’s friends and foes alike: “REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR.”
Today, as we Remember Pearl Harbor, it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack on 12/7 / 1941. They are HEROES, and they are living witnesses to American History. All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice.
Today, the U. S. flag flies at half-staff at the, in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day.
Today, our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR — and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America. God Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform, and God Bless the United States of America. #PearlHarborRemembranceDay 🇺 🇸
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - “A day that will live in infamy!” December 7, 1941
Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade... Really good.
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem...
Join me live from the via #Periscope
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of California’s wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me this Friday in Pensacola, Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets:
Yesterday, I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends, in Utah’s MAGNIFICENT Capitol. It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante...
A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U. S. political history. Enjoy!
With the great vote on Cutting Taxes, this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU!
Putting Pelosi / Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes, tough on crime, strong on military and borders... & so much more. Look at your 401 - k’s since Election. Highest Stock Market EVER! Jobs are roaring back!
Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. We need his vote on stopping crime, illegal immigration, Border Wall, Military, Pro Life, V. A., Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones, a Pelosi / Schumer Puppet!
Report: “ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE” Now it all starts to make sense!
People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of News ( he has been suspended ), should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars!
After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation ( and more ), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness.
Tainted ( no, very dishonest? ) FBI “agent’s role in Clinton probe under review.” Led Clinton Email probe. Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge.
Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco!
I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!
Congratulations to News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and “papers” should do the same with their Fake News!
Many people in our Country are asking what the “Justice ” Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary, AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress, deleted and “ acid washed” 33,000 Emails? No justice!
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed, while Crooked Hillary Clinton, on that now famous FBI holiday “interrogation” with no swearing in and no recording, lies many times... and nothing happens to her? Rigged system, or just a double standard?
Great job First Lady Melania!
62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history...
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!
Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment!
We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to Mitch McConnell and Chairman for shepherding our bill through the Senate. Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas!
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT: “The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS...”
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! He’s not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects, ( I call the final shots ) we work well together and America is highly respected again!
Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getting better and better. This is a once in a generation chance. Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit!
The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer / Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections.
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL!
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of all — the gift of God’s love for all of humanity. Whatever our beliefs, we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life...
Today is a day that I’ve been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before. Now, as President of the United States, it is my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world, a very MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017! #DOW24K #MAGA
Today, it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the. Bahrain and the United States are important partners. During the Crown Prince’s visit, he is advancing $ 9 BILLION in commercial deals, including finalizing the purchase of F - 16’s...
Thank you. Let’s continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time ( another all-time Record ). If the Dems had won the Presidential Election, the Market would be down 50 % from these levels and Consumer Confidence, which is also at an all-time high, would be “low and glum!”
Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out!
The Chinese Envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to believe his people, and the military, put up with living in such horrible conditions. Russia and China condemned the launch.
The Failing has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue!
The Failing, the pipe organ for the Democrat Party, has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill. They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner!
Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years!
The only people who don’t like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that don’t understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans!
The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations (? ) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding key documents and an FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of Donald Trump. Big stuff. Deep State. Give this information NOW!
., don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
Theresa, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
Now, we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY – and RECLAIM AMERICA’S DESTINY. But in order to achieve this bright and glowing future, the SENATE MUST PASS TAX CUTS – and bring Main Street roaring back to life!
A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS, to protect OUR COMMUNITIES, and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY!
This week, the Senate can join the House & take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America. Together, we will give the American people a big, beautiful Christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARD-EARNED MONEY!
Departing for St. Charles, Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line. A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people!
Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects, CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9 % in Q3. Stock market at a new high, unemployment at a low. We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear!
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled!
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
So now tha Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.” But when will the top executives at NBC & Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lack’s past!
Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me ( my policies )!
Great, and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time!
., we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy!
Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country!
Great work Ivanka!
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB. A big win for the Consumer!
Charles McCullough, the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General, said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails. “Emails endangered National Security.” Why aren’t our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged & corrupt?
After North Korea missile launch, it's more important than ever to fund our gov't & military! Dems shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty & illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They can't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands.
“The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November. The Consumer Confidence Index rose from 126.2 in October to 129.5, notching its best reading since December 2000...”
Dow, S & P 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS!
“Statement from President Donald J. Trump on #GivingTuesday”
Meeting with “Chuck and Nancy” today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I don’t see a deal!
Melania, our great and very hard working First Lady, who truly loves what she is doing, always thought that “if you run, you will win. ” She would tell everyone that, “ no doubt, he will win.” I also felt I would win ( or I would not have run ) - and Country is doing great!
At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country, our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control!
Thank you Rand!
New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going! Democrats want big Tax Increases.
The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well, great support. With just a few changes, some mathematical, the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well!
The good news is that their ratings are terrible, nobody cares!
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt and / or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President ( me ). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!
Back in D. C., big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country. Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. The end result will be great for ALL!
Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russia, Russia. Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough. Can’t let Schumer / Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD!
The last thing we need in Alabama and the U. S. Senate is a Schumer / Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!
Wow, even I didn’t realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you.
. is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN, but outside of the U. S., CNN International is still a major source of ( Fake ) news, and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly. The outside world does not see the truth from them!
Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal about what a complete disaster the has been under its leader from previous Administration, who just quit!
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life!
Happy #SmallBusinessSaturday! A great day to support your community and America’s JOB creators by shopping locally at a #SmallBiz. #ShopSmall
Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Man ( Person ) of the Year,” like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!
Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack, with so much loss of life. We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before, and we will. Need the WALL, need the BAN! God bless the people of Egypt.
Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism, we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence!
After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, to play golf ( quickly ) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA!
Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done, but what a mistake, in lives and dollars ( 6 trillion ), to be there in the first place!
Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country, our Flag, our Anthem continues without penalty to the players. The Commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league. Players are the boss!
Two great people!
A great guy ( with great ratings )!
ObamaCare premiums are going up, up, up, just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats, and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct, we will Repeal & Replace right after Tax Cuts!
Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A. M. Afghanistan, Iraq, USS Monterey, Turkey & Bahrain. Then going to Coast Guard Quarters, Florida.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING, your Country is starting to do really well. Jobs coming back, highest Stock Market EVER, Military getting really strong, we will build the WALL, V. A. taking care of our Vets, great Supreme Court Justice, RECORD CUT IN REGS, lowest unemployment in 17 years...!
... And it will get even better with Tax Cuts!
I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. May God be with them and the people of Argentina!
51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years ( AAA ). Traffic and airports are running very smoothly!
The is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for all involved.
Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida ( Mar-a-Lago ). Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - $ 5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U. S. Military building up and getting very strong.
Another Crooked Hillary Fan!
The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. That’s almost as bad as kneeling! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!...
... LaVar, you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China, but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar, shoplifting is NOT a little thing. It’s a really big deal, especially in China. Ungrateful fool!
It wasn’t the White House, it wasn’t the State Department, it wasn’t father LaVar’s so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor man’s version of Don King, but without the hair. Just think..
Today, we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains at Gobbler’s Rest...
President Donald J. Trump and Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House.
Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4 %. Analysts predict economic boom for 2018! and
Marshawn Lynch of the NFL’s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public!
Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border, another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will, and must, build the Wall!
Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal.
Shoplifting is a very big deal in China, as it should be ( 5-10 years in jail ), but not to father LaVar. Should have gotten his son out during my next trip to China instead. China told them why they were released. Very ungrateful!
Sen. Jeff Flake ( y ), who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona ( quit race, anemic polls ) was caught ( purposely ) on “mike ” saying bad things about your favorite President. He’ll be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is “ toast.”
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst ( and biggest ) loser of all time. She just can’t stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years!
Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you!
Today, it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the! #NCAAChampions 🏆 Photos:
If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform, we'll really see some great results!
. And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape?
The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 & 6 while she sleeps?...
Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform, 227-205. Zero Dems, they want to raise taxes much higher, but not for our military!
Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct — a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year!
China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move, we'll see what happens!
... your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!
To the three UCLA basketball players I say: You're welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made...
Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close!
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business ( jobs )? The reason: Obstruction and Delay!
It is actually hard to believe how naive ( or dumb ) the Failing is when it comes to foreign policy... weak and ineffective!
... They should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing. The U. S. is being respected again. Watch Trade!
The failing hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping, President of China...
Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail!
Thank you!
Thank you, working hard!
While in the Philippines I was forced to watch, which I have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and FAKE, it is. Loser!
. will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia, and the friendships & benefits that will endure for years to come!
Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!
Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home!
May God be with the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI and Law Enforcement has arrived.
THANK YOU ASIA! #USA 🇺 🇸
THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREAT WORK!
I will be making a major statement from the upon my return to D. C. Time and date to be set.
Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺 🇸
Happy to announce, I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs & work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled.
Great day of bilateral meetings at #ASEANSummit on trade, which we are turning around to be great deals for our country!
Thank you!
We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam, thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the #ASEANSummit 50th Anniv Gala in the Philippines now.
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam!
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam!
Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip, the Phillipines.
President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made.
“Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War” ➡ ️ ➡ ️
On behalf of an entire nation, Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines! #USMC242 #SemperFi
Just landed in Da Nang, Vietnam to deliver a speech at #APEC2017
In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United States and China. 🇺 🇸 🇨 🇳
President Xi, thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display! 📸
Congratulations to all of the ” DEPLORABLES ” and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE ( 304-227 ) Electoral College landslide victory!
Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi!
Join me LIVE in South Korea 🇺 🇸 🇰 🇷 #NationalAssembly #POTUSinAsia ➡ ️
Thank you to all Americans who participated in Nat'l Rx Drug Take Back Day. A record amount of drugs collected & disposed. We can do this!
Franklin, such a great photo. HAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father,!
. will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS - 13 and crime will be gone. Vote today, ASAP!
... and has been horrible on Virginia economy. Vote today!
Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia. He’s weak on crime, weak on our GREAT VETS, Anti-Second Amendment...
... is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class, companies and jobs!
Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration...
It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U. S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys, in South Korea. 🇺 🇸 🇰 🇷
... Some of those they are harshly treating have been “milking” their country for years!
I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing...
Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon, a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out!
My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits, for our great Country. Massive military & energy orders happening + + +!
The state of Virginia economy, under Democrat rule, has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow, it will come roaring back!
#USA 🇺 🇸 #Japan 🇯 🇵
May God be w / the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI & law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan.
Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy.
Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo, Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe.
I am landing shortly. Can’t wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY. See you soon!
Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States!
Unemployment is down to 4.1 %, lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Market ever, up $ 5.4 trill
Thank you to our GREAT Military / Veterans and. Remember #PearlHarbor. Remember the! A day I’ll never forget.
Getting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military / Veterans at Pearl Harbor!
The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military.
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
The rigged Dem Primary, one of the biggest political stories in years, got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful!
Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan, SKorea, China, Vietnam & the Philippines. Will never let you down!
I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders, not Crooked H, without cheating, I was right.
Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary!
... Based on that, the Military has hit ISIS " much harder " over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us!
ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed, and so badly wounded, the wonderful people on the West Side, was " their soldier. "...
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats, lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI & Justice Dept.
The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC & then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!
... People are angry. At some point the Justice Department, and the FBI, must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it!
... New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails, Uranium, Podesta, the Server, plus, plus...
Everybody is asking why the Justice Department ( and FBI ) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary & the Dems..
My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact.
I will be interviewed by on at 10:00. Enjoy!
The opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comey's leadership was a disaster!
... This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department?
Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H...
Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill, but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America!
Today, it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the.
Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE! #USA 🇺 🇸
I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security.
... There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY!
Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system...
NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY!
Great mtg w / today. Tomorrow, I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely impressed by this person!
Happy birthday to, a truly great Champion and Person!
It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners!
The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first!
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them!
... and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better!
Thanks to McConnell and the we are appointing high-quality Federal District...
Thank you to the GREAT NYPD, First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack so professionally!
... fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack. #NYCStrong
Just spoke with and de Blasio to let them know that the federal government...
... for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER
Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts...
" Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems " said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness!
We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration, no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher ( and smarter ).
The terrorist came into our country through what is called the " Diversity Visa Lottery Program, " a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based.
I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine, but not for this!
The Republican House members are working hard ( and late ) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever!
My thoughts, condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you!
We must not allow ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough!
In NYC, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U. S. A.!
“Home Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August” Read more:
Thank you!
“Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks”
... earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp, which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak!
The biggest story yesterday, the one that has the Dems in a dither, is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is...
I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business ( jobs ) and the Middle Class ( in addition to Democrat corruption )!
... came to the campaign. Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George, who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS!
The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said, there was " no collusion " and events mentioned took place long before he...
... Also, there is NO COLLUSION!
Sorry, but this is years ago, before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary & the Dems the focus???
Great job by MichaelCaputo on.
Report out that Obama Campaign paid $ 972,000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $ 12,400, 000 ( really? ) from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd!
All of this " Russia " talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts & Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!
... are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats / Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!
... " collusion, " which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible ( and bad for our country ) Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the R's...
... the Uranium to Russia deal, the 33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump / Russia,...
Never seen such Republican ANGER & UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier ( now $ 12,000, 000? ),...
As usual, the ObamaCare premiums will be up ( the Dems own it ), but we will Repeal & Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!
JFK Files are released, long ahead of schedule!
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad!
Happy #FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there. We are forever grateful to you for your service, sacrifice and courage 24/7 / 365!
Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press ( Fake News ). Thank you Mr. President!
Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday ( 3.0 despite the big hurricane hits ). Best consecutive Q's in years!
“WHAT HAPPENED ” “ How Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia” ➡ ️ NOW WE KNOW!
. Chris Wallace: “More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP”
Diane Black of Tennessee, the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman, did a GREAT job in passing Budget, setting up big Tax Cuts
Thank you.
It is now commonly agreed, after many months of COSTLY looking, that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC!
Happy birthday to the great. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public!
Happy birthday to the great. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good luck to on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans!
Congratulations to, , and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax Cuts
Thank you. Really great job and show!
Wacky & totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections!
Big news - Budget just passed!
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party!
Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesn't even show up to meetings / work, and will be VERY weak on crime!
Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy # ' s around, and fast. Strong on crime, he might even save our great statues / heritage!
Will be another Sean success!
Interview with coming up at 7pmE on. Enjoy!
The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting!
Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi & Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip!
Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo & trade, two very important subjects!
Just interviewed by. Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on. #Dobbs
Congrats to Priebus, a really good and talented man. We’re proud of you Reince!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Jeff Flake, with an 18 % approval rating in Arizona, said " a lot of my colleagues have spoken out. " Really, they just gave me a standing O!
Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U. S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class, business & JOBS
The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday, outside of Flake and Corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!
The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple, they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt & wounded!
" Clinton campaign & DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President. "
So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U. S.
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24, 2017, as United Nations Day” Read more:
Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good.
... the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle ' Bob Corker have set the U. S. way back. Now we move forward!
Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee, & look how poorly the U. S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as...
Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker, who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee, will now fight Tax Cuts plus!
... Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him, and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record!
Bob Corker, who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal & couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now fighting Tax Cuts...
We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our nation.
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag & Country. No leadership in NFL!
There will be NO change to your 401 ( k ). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays!
It is finally sinking through. 46 % OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS, even worse! Lost cred.
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party, a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action & vote R!
Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 A. M. on - ENJOY!
... 2nd Amendment, Strong Military, ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Court Justice, Record Stock Market, lowest unemployment in 17 yrs!
... 9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security...
I agree getting Tax Cuts approved is important ( we will also get HealthCare ), but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first...
Just out, but lightly reported: " Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U. S. Job Market " Lowest since March 1973.
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side, not mine!
Keep hearing about " tiny " amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC & CBS?
Officials behind the now discredited " Dossier " plead the Fifth. Justice Department and / or FBI should immediately release who paid for it.
“Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign”
Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this!
People get what is going on!
Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.
I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat Party!
Budget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U. S. history - MSM barely covered!
Great book just out, " A Place Called Heaven, " by Dr. Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man!
Today, it was an honor to have Secretary-General at the. Speaking for the U. S. A., we appreciate all you do!
Just out report: " United Kingdom crime rises 13 % annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror. " Not good, we must keep America safe!
... This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts ( and Reform ), which will be the biggest in the history of our country!
The Budget passed late last night, 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul ( he will vote for Tax Cuts ) voting against...
Great news on the 2018 budget McConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the American people! #TaxReform
Big ratings getter and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for #VegasStrong. Great Show!
The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson ( D ), who was SECRETLY on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content!
It was great to have Governor of #PuertoRico 🇵 🇷 with us at the today. We are with you! #PRStrong
. " Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation "
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it, Russia, the FBI or the Dems ( or all )?
Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!
Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes, but who knows?
" 46 % of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump & his Administration. " It is actually much worse than this!
. &, Thank you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard! #MAGA
" 20,000 📈 21,000 📈 22,000 📈 23,000 📈 this year... FOUR one thousand milestones this year... " #Dow23K #MAGA
This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! #USA 🇺 🇸
.: Too much talk, not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem.
Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and team. We support you!
I am supportive of Lamar as a person & also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w / O'Care.
Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action ( and I have proof ). Sad!
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country!
As it has turned out, James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!
The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully, all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U. S. history.
... people not interviewed, including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?
Wow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many..
WOW!
BORDER WALL prototypes underway!
Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a " product " that never had a chance of working.
So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may be, , and. Fiction writers!
Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1:30 pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece. ➡ ️
" Dow Passes 23,000 for the First Time, Fueled by Strong Earnings " #Dow23K 📈
Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Int'l Airport!
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, " I hope so! "
The U. S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also, record business enthusiasm.
Since Election Day on November 8, the Stock Market is up more than 25 %, unemployment is at a 17 year low & companies are coming back to U. S.
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck!
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at!
Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut / reform bill and live with themselves!
... approvals of The Keystone XL & Dakota Access pipelines. Also, look at the recent EPA cancelations & our great new Supreme Court Justice!
The Failing, in a story by Peter Baker, should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP & The Paris Accord & the fast...
The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down!
Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!
Health Insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years, plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!
Such a wonderful statement from the great. " We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history. "
ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime, premiums & deductibles are way up!
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits, under the guise of ObamaCare, is over. They have made a fortune. Dems must get smart & deal!
Many people talking, with much agreement, on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran!
Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders. I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts.
" Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004 " 📈
In America, we don't worship government - we worship God. #ValuesVotersSummit
I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women! #242NavyBday
The wonderful people of Puerto Rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them!
Hard to believe that the Democrats, who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime
ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves!
Sadly, they and others are Fake News, and the public is just beginning to figure it out!
The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix!
People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting ( FakeNews ) is. Viewers beware. May be worse than even!
Happy #NationalFarmersDay! 📸
The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!
... We cannot keep FEMA, the Military & the First Responders, who have been amazing ( under the most difficult circumstances ) in P. R. forever!
... accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend...
" Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes, now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making. " says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of...
Clips from tax speech and on now. Have a great day!
Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public!
Joining tonight at 9pmE on. Enjoy!
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families & that encourages companies to STAY in America, GROW in America, and HIRE in America 🇺 🇸
I will be interviewed tonight on by at 9pmE. Enjoy!
Join me LIVE at 5:45 pmE from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #TaxReform #USA 🇺 🇸
Happy to announce we are awarding $ 1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sunday’s tragedy.
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
Fake made up a story that I wanted a " tenfold " increase in our U. S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction, made up to demean. NBC = CNN!
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases & soft, crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history & the WALL!
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts
... if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts ( and reform ) I am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25 % increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
... fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and, more importantly, for the USA!
The Fake News is at it again, this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know, General John Kelly, by saying he will soon be...
My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back #StanleyCup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with today!
The Failing set Liddle ' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool, and that's what I am dealing with!
Highly respected author, Christopher Bedford, just came out with book, " The Art of the Donald, Lessons from America's... " Really good book!
With Jemele Hill at the mike, it is no wonder ESPN ratings have " tanked, " in fact, tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!
Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare, I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure borders, they don't care about safety for U. S. A.
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem, Flag and Country? Change tax law!
We have just begun!
A big salute to Jerry Jones, owner of the Dallas Cowboys, who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag. " Stand for Anthem or sit for game! "
" President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9, 2017, as #ColumbusDay "
The trip by Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars & getting nothing. Policy didn't work!
" The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters... " Thank you!
Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal, & that's about it. We need HealthCare, we need Tax Cuts / Reform, we need people that can get the job done!
FEMA and first responders are working hard ( yet again ) on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control!
I asked Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and Karen.
... Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run!
.. my endorsement ). He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said " NO THANKS. " He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
Senator Bob Corker " begged " me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said " NO " and he dropped out ( said he could not win without...
#LasVegasStrong #USA 🇺 🇸 🎥
Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts!
Thanks for your support!
... hasn't worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of U. S. negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work!
Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid...
Will be joining tonight at 8p mE on. Enjoy!
Our great team at is prepared for #HurricaneNate. Everyone in LA, MS, AL, and FL please listen to your local authorities & be safe!
. is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it, which is really all that matters! Not # 1
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken, big premiums. Who knows!
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans ( and me ) should be given Equal Time on T. V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?
Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very " unfunny " & repetitive material, always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?
... contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $ ' s than the Dems, and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them!
Can't believe I finally got a good story in the. It discusses the enthusiasm of " Trump " voters through campaign...
Ralph Northam, who is running for Governor of Virginia, is fighting for the violent MS - 13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities. Vote Ed Gillespie!
Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by. Low news and reporting standards. No verification from me.
Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!
Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!
Thank you!
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people, from police to doctors to the victims themselves, who I will never forget!
On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION, THANK YOU to all of the First Responders ( HEROES ) who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night.
WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS!
I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with Melania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers.
The story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!
NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down!
Wow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake, most showed great warmth and friendship.
My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor & his team. Great progress being made! #PRStrong 🇵 🇷
It is a " miracle " how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
So proud of, Military, and First Responders! Thank you!
Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the #USVI. He is very thankful for the great job done by and First Responders.
Leaving Puerto Rico now for D. C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers.
I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America!
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!
Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years, why would it work now? Clinton failed, Bush failed, and Obama failed. I won't fail.
... Save your energy Rex, we'll do what has to be done!
I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man...
... for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P. R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job!
... people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected...
We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates,...
19,000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! #StandForOurAnthem 🇺 🇸
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race, FAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement!
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race, Fake News always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after Election!
Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow, and always, for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!
I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist & support the people in their time of great need.
Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor. Doing everything we can to help great people of PR!
We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster.
... #FakeNews critics are working overtime, but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter! #PRStrong 🇵 🇷
My Administration, Governor, and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way...
To the people of Puerto Rico: Do not believe the #FakeNews! #PRStrong 🇵 🇷
Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. Thank you!
Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U. S. Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor!
The Governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rossello, is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. Thank you Ricky!
Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems, an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico. Great people!
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame!
I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U. S. Virgin Islands ( people working hard ).
Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to " get Trump. " Not fair to FR or effort!
The military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed.
... want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job.
... Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They...
The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.
THANK YOU to the amazing Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department and all law enforcement officers, for all you do 24/7 / 365! #LESM
My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur, the holiest day of the Jewish year.
Thank you. An honor to be with you today. Great news! Manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017. #TaxReform
RECORD HIGH FOR S & P 500!
Thank you to FEMA, our great Military & all First Responders who are working so hard, against terrible odds, in Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday!
... The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: " The Administration and the President, every time we've spoken, they've delivered...
GDP was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter. Many people thought it would be years before that happened. We have just begun!
Puerto Rico is devastated. Phone system, electric grid many roads, gone. FEMA and First Responders are amazing. Governor said " great job! "
... really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly!
FEMA & First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico. Massive food & water delivered. Docks & electric grid dead. Locals trying...
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site.
Democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill.
It is time to take care of OUR people, to rebuild OUR NATION, and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform #USA 🇺 🇸
Just arrived in Indianapolis, Indiana to make an announcement on #TaxReform! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.. But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring
Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence, Fake News, ( apologized ) & were anti-Trump. Collusion?
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday, after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule!
With one Yes vote in hospital & very positive signs from Alaska and two others ( McCain is out ), we have the HCare Vote, but not for Friday!
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back & ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back & ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Nov!
Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica, one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time, showed RESPECT for our National Anthem! 🇺 🇸 🇯 🇲
70 years ago today, the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then & now! Thanks NSC Staff!
Thank you to our wonderful team and their families. Keep up the GREAT work! #USA 🇺 🇸
Heading over to the to meet with Ambassador and all of her great representatives! #USA 🇺 🇸
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today! #USA 🇺 🇸
ALABAMA, get out and vote for Luther Strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down! #MAGA
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz, the Mayor of San Juan, for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there / on way
Great interview on with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea.
Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement. Finish the job - vote today for " Big Luther. "
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country!
... But while Dallas dropped to it knees as a team, they ALL stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made - we love our country!
The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!
Big election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama. Vote for Senator Luther Strange, tough on crime & border - will never let you down!
... owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA
... It's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars...
Texas & Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & massive debt, is in deep trouble..
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country. #StandForOurAnthem 🇺 🇸
General John Kelly totally agrees w / my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
. is #FakeNews. Just reported COS ( John Kelly ) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY. Total lie!
#StandForOurAnthem
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts & reform.
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday ( which was a small percentage of total ). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!
So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear!
Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.
Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy!
Alaska, Arizona, Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal & Replace and some Senators not there.
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag - - - we MUST honor and respect it! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team!
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings!
... NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U. S.
If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag & Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U. N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!
Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!
Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a " moment of courage. " Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116 % increase!
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!
Very proud of our incredible First Lady (. ) She is a truly great representative for our country!
... our Great American Flag ( or Country ) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!
If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL, or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect...
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating, therefore invitation is withdrawn!
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people, what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday.
Alaska had a 200 % plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare, worst in the country. Deductibles high, people angry! Lisa M comes through.
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control & management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L. G. down!
Arizona had a 116 % increase in ObamaCare premiums last year, with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill, which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal & Replace. Let Arizona down!
Heading to Alabama now, big crowd!
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U. S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job!
#USAatUNGA 🇺 🇸 #UNGA
Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement, but will be very close. He loves Alabama, and so do I!
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media " screaming " for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate!
The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?
Thank you!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before!
Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever ( future political campaigns ) be known as " the Republican who saved ObamaCare. "
A big day for the U. S. at the United Nations!
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D. C.
It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today. #UNGA 🎥
Governor - We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! #PRStrong
Senator ( Doctor ) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health ( care ), he doesn't lie-just wants to help people!
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won't let you down!
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal & Replace.
Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like " Big " Luther Strange. Smart, tough on crime, borders & trade, loves Vets & Military. Tuesday!
On behalf of all Americans, I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year.
Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges & opportunities facing our nations today.
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting " Big " Luther Strange because he was so loyal & helpful to me!
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal & Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!
Thank you - great show!
The world is noticing, thanks!
After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State ( Bill C also ), Crooked Hillary now criticizes.
Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Jacob!
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the " DEPLORABLES. "
So nice, thank you!
A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much ( or all ) of what I stated in my speech!
Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful, our hearts are with you - will be there to help!
The true question for the... 🎥
It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations. #USAatUNGA 🇺 🇸 #UNGA
God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.
As President of the United States of America, I will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst 🇺 🇸 #UNGA Full remarks:
The 🇺 🇸 has great strength & patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy #NoKo.
Big day at the United Nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A. M.
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela, and we want it to happen very, very soon!
Such an honor to have my good friend, Israel PM, join us w / his delegation in NYC this afternoon. #UNGA
Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!
Happy 70th Birthday!
Happy 70th Birthday!
Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day, and our enemies know it. #MAGA
My great honor!
Thank you!
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!
Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. " Big Luther " is a great guy who gets things done!
Attorney General Bill Shuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help!
A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs, and I believe will be getting even better!
We will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life... cont:
Our hearts & prayers go out to the people of London, who suffered a vicious terrorist attack...
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country. Proclamation:
CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics ( and bad programming ). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive & nasty!
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off & use better!
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can't get votes, END NOW!
FLORIDA - Just like TX, WE are w / you today, we are w / you tomorrow, & we will be w / you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to RESTORE, RECOVER, & REBUILD!
... I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry, I will veto because I love our country & its people.
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U. S. & its people...
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b / c of his cell phone reception at site.
Just left Florida for D. C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U. S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do!
... They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security
Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!...
The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built.
No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote.
The " deplorables " came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game!
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody ( and every thing ) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
China has a business tax rate of 15 %. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!
With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go!
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders & others.
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut & Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!
It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the today!
Congratulations to Eric & Lara on the birth of their son, Eric " Luke " Trump this morning!
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater, at least in certain locations, than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!
Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me & have zero access. #FAKE NEWS!
May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911
#NeverForget
The U. S. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!
Heed the advice of! " If you're in an evacuation zone, you need to get to a shelter... there's not many hours left. " Gov. Scott
FLORIDA - Visit to find shelters, road closures, & evacuation routes. Helpful Twitter list:
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey ( just like others ).
Republicans must start the Tax Reform / Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!
... never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 ( vs. 51 ) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!
Republicans, sorry, but I've been hearing about Repeal & Replace for 7 years, didn't happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will...
Our incredible U. S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way, if possible. Federal G is ready!
We will confront ANY challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. I ’ m proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal.
I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local & state officials!
During my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab & Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies..
Together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE!
Welcome to the, Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon:
For all of those ( DACA ) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action!
Thank you, our great honor!
Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe! #FEMA
We want our companies to hire & grow in AMERICA, to raise wages for AMERICAN workers, & to help rebuild our AMERICAN cities & towns! #USA 🇺 🇸
If we want to renew our PROSPERITY, restore OPPORTUNITY, & re-establish our economic DOMINANCE, then we need tax reform that is pro-growth..
Thank you for joining me in Mandan, ND Gov., Lt. Gov., , &.
Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men & women @ the Andeavor Refinery. Full remarks: 🎥
Just spoke w / Governors Rick Scott of Florida, Kenneth Mapp of the U. S. Virgin Islands & Ricardo Rosselló of Puerto Rico. WE ARE W / YOU ALL!
' President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations ' ➡ ️ ➡ ️ ➡ ️
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!
Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA ( something the Obama Administration was unable to do ). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!
I look forward to working w / D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st.
I am allowing Japan & South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.
Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA!
Big week coming up!
We are building our future with American hands, American labor, American iron, aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay!
The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea.
I will be meeting General Kelly, General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you.
South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!
.. North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success.
North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States...
So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w /, #LEOs & the #CajunNavy!
Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day ( by Presidential Proclamation )!
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation & coordination!
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59 %, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!
Together, we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you! GOD BLESS TEXAS & GOD BLESS THE USA 🇺 🇸
TEXAS: We are with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, and REBUILD!
Departing for Texas and Louisiana with Melania right now. We will see you soon. America is with you!
On behalf of Melania & myself, THANK YOU for today's update & GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist, &
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House.
Stock Market up 5 months in a row!
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men & women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
... get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!
General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to..
Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over... and so much more. A rigged system!
Texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men & women who have been working so hard. But still, so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong
Texas & Louisiana: We are w / you today, we are w / you tomorrow, & we will be w / you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, & REBUILD!
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!
After witnessing first hand the horror & devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey, my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!
The U. S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!
. We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government.
Leaving now for Texas!
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks!
Major rescue operations underway!
Going to a Cabinet Meeting ( tele-conference ) at 11:00 A. M. on #Harvey. Even experts have said they've never seen one like this!
We are in the NAFTA ( worst trade deal ever made ) renegotiation process with Mexico & Canada.Both being very difficult, may have to terminate?
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement / other.
Wow - Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going, and going well!
I will also be going to a wonderful state, Missouri, that I won by a lot in ' 16. Dem C. M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S!
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety.
Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm / hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued.
A great book by a great guy, highly recommended!
Wonderful coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall.
THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with #HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas!
Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together!
. - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before #Harvey. So far, so good!
You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe.
We will remain fully engaged w / open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w / you!
I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe!
At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help!
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!
Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey ( as it strengthens to a Class 3 ). 125 MPH winds!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!
I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice & orders of their local and state officials.
Received a #HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting Secretary Elaine Duke, , and COS John Kelly.
I have spoken w / of Texas and Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments & here to assist as needed.
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in ' 18. Tennessee not happy!
Nick Adams, " Retaking America " " Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever. "
Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC!
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W. H. Don't believe the Fake News
If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51 % majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate!
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal & Replace for 7 years, he failed! That should NEVER have happened!
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
.. ( enthusiastic, dynamic and fun ) and the American Legion - V. A. ( respectful and strong ). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
... ( enthusiastic, dynamic and fun ) and the American Legion - V. A. ( respectful and strong ). To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan ( somber ), the big Rally...
... ( enthusiastic, dynamic and fun ) and the American Legion - V. A. ( respectful and strong ). To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, their was Afghanistan ( somber ), the big Rally...
... didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up ( as usual ) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!
I requested that Mitch M & Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V. A. Bill ( which just passed ) for easy approval. They...
A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement & Modernization Act into law w /. 🎥
As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values, then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! #ALConv2017
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule & go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time!
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it!
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime & border!
#DrainTheSwamp #PhoenixRally
Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups, but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets!
Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at:
See you at 7:00 P. M. tonight Phoenix, Arizona! #MAGA 🇺 🇸 Tickets:
We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain, and their families.
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong!
Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia. ➡ ️
Thank you, the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control!
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on. The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry!
Thoughts & prayers are w / our sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search & rescue efforts are underway.
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal, & we will heal, & be stronger than ever before!
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heel, & we will heel, & be stronger than ever before!
Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor.
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you.
Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at... maybe even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition!
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including on Afghanistan.
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
My thoughts and prayers are with the and their loved ones. We are with you! #LESM
Today, I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act ( #HR873. ) The bill authorizes... cont ➡ ️
I have directed that U. S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on... cont:
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military ( which we are rapidly building to strongest ever ).
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop!
Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert & closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before!
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough & strong, we love you!
... the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!
... can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also...
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You...
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!
Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic!
The public is learning ( even more so ) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame!
... and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis & white supremacists...
Join me at 7:00 P. M. on Tuesday, August 22nd in Phoenix, Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at:
Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017, joined by.
Just landed in Bedminster, New Jersey. #MAGA 🎥
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council & Strategy & Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all!
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!
Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall & Crime!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!
Congratulations John!
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U. S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!
According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia!
Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on at 7:15. Tough on crime, borders etc.
Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it... and the U. S. is really my home!
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied... truly bad people!
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.
Big day in Washington, D. C., even though White House & Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!
. Pharma is a leader in higher & higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U. S. Bring jobs back & LOWER PRICES!
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us ( or not fixed ) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border & Wall, the military, tax cuts & law enforcement.
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad!
Deepest condolences to the families & fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces.
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives. #Charlottesville
Join me live from Bedminster, New Jersey:
Am in Bedminster for meetings & press conference on V. A. & all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
" Consumer Comfort Reaches 16 - Year High on U. S. Economic Optimism " via Bloomberg
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are...
Military solutions are now fully in place, locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely. Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!
" Trump approval rebounds to 45 %, surges among Hispanics, union homes, men "
. will lead the U. S. delegation to India this fall, supporting women’s entrepreneurship globally. #GES2017
Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal & Replace, Tax Reform & Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it!
Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal & Replace for 7 years, couldn't get it done. Must Repeal & Replace ObamaCare!
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had " excessive expectations, " but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal & Replace, why not done?
... Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before...
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!
After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved.. not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton / Lynch secret meeting in plane.
After many years of failure, countries are coming together to finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough & decisive!
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P. M. in Bedminster, N. J.
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there
How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability ( and non-existent sources ), remain in business?
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!
On #PurpleHeartDay 💜 I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA 🇺 🇸
... conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and...
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con artist!
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.
Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES & WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!
... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation & so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
... and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs...
The Trump base is far bigger & stronger than ever before ( despite some phony Fake News polling ). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio...
The failing, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win ( apologized ), is totally inept!
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions.
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S. C., surging economy & jobs, border & military security, ISIS & MS - 13 etc.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N. K.
Thank you Nicole!
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A. G. taking action! For National Security, the tougher the better!
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact!
Working in Bedminster, N. J., as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!
" Under Trump, gains against #ISIS have dramatically accelerated "
No matter the mission, the brave men & women of our proudly answer the call to serve 24/7 / 365. THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #CG227 🇺 🇸
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!
West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3 %, wow! Dem Governor became a Republican last night.
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high... and for good reason. Much more regulation " busting " to come. Working hard on tax cuts & reform!
... and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant / plants in Wisconsin.
Toyota & Mazda to build a new $ 1.6 B plant here in the U. S. A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!
Thank you West Virginia! All across the country, Americans of every kind are coming together w / one simple goal: to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00 pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time & very dangerous low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare!
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business & jobs will grow.
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen!
I love the White House, one of the most beautiful buildings ( homes ) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
" Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcome "
Small business owners are the DREAMERS & INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future! Read more and watch here:
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media ( 110 million people ). Only way for me to get the truth out!
" Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now. " Thank you Stuart Varney Jobs are starting to roar, watch!
Stock Market could hit all-time high ( again ) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!
A great day at the White House!
Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S. C.: No WH chaos!
If ObamaCare is hurting people, & it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies & why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
Don't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal & Replace... and go to 51 votes ( nuke option ), get Cross State Lines & more.
... they do NOTHING for us with North Korea, just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!
I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet...
I love reading about all of the " geniuses " who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal & Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!
U. S. Stock Market up almost 20 % since Election!
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
After seven years of " talking " Repeal & Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE!
... 8 Dems totally control the U. S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time...
The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME!
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!
In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not, I want strong military & low oil prices. Witch Hunt!
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!
... and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration
I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General / Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American...
Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from #MS13 gang members. We will not rest until #MS13 is eradicated. #LESM
We will always ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPORT our police! #LESM Harrisburg, Pennsylvania #FlashbackFriday #MS13
... Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60. So many great future bills & budgets need 60 votes...
If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60...
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!
Go Republican Senators, Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare!
Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving. #TeamScalise
Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS - 13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
... about then candidate Trump. " Catherine Herridge. So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting.
" One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information...
Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down!
Wow, the Failing said about "... the most powerful T. V. show in America. "
IN AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD! 🎥
... big dollars ( $ 700,000 ) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!
Why didn't A. G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got...
... victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you
... Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U. S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming...
After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow...
Senator of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad!
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!
Just arrived in Youngstown, Ohio with Melania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺 🇸 🎥
. - Thank you for coming to D. C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans!
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us live! ➡ ️
" America's Labor Market Continues to Boom " JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big & exciting. JOBS! The E. U. is very protectionist with the U. S. STOP!
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump!
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.
ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal & Replace! I have pen in hand.
Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI & the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $ 700,000 from H for wife!
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes ( where are E-mails & DNC server ) & Intel leakers!
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - " quietly working to boost Clinton. " So where is the investigation A. G.
Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?
So many stories about me in the are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged. Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes?
The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad...
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w / the #OCareNightmare! Remarks:
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with, , and...
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal & Replace after years of talking & campaigning on it.
Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into " Russia, " spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A. G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes & Russia relations?
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that " Democrats should blame ourselves, not Russia. "
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!
Thank you to for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A +. S. C., reg cutting, Stock M, jobs, border etc. = TRUE!
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!
It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story / opinion, even if should be positive, is bad!
It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President.
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!
American steel & American hands have constructed a 100,000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NONE! #USSGeraldRFord #USA
Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford! ➡ ️ #USA
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didn't think I was running!
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media & authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted ( & acid washed ) her 33,000 e-mails!
... What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc.
So many people are asking why isn't the A. G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted?
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. Ford. Norfolk, Va.
The Failing New York Times foiled U. S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist, Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post, this time against A. G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comey's, must stop!
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!
Manufacturers’ record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via:
#MadeInAmerica 🇺 🇸 📸
Billions of dollars in investments & thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning, Merck & Pfizer:
Departing The Pentagon after meetings with Pence, Secretary James Mattis, and our great teams. #MAGA 🇺 🇸
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon.
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, & it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is " sick. " All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy!
With only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House & Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct, no votes!
As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific & worked really hard. We will return!
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now & work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
Heading back to Washington, D. C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security!
Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 #USWomensOpen 🇺 🇸
I am at the #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!
The #USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. Congratulations!
The ABC / Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40 % is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!
With all of its phony unnamed sources & highly slanted & even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country!
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.
Thank you to all of the supporters, who far out-numbered the protesters, yesterday at the Women's U. S. Open. Very cool!
HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate & delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?
The women played great today at the #USWomensOpen 🇺 🇸 I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round!
Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17 % since election!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Will be at the Women's U. S. Open today!
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good!
Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U. S. and its workers!
I will be at the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected & the women are playing great-should be very exciting!
Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U. S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation thanks you!
Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President. A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!
Left Paris for U. S. A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the #USWomensOpen, their most important tournament, this afternoon.
Great conversations with President and his representatives on trade, military and security.
The United States mourns for the victims of Nice, France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror. 🇺 🇸 🇫 🇷
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay parade. Congratulations President!
. Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people.
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!
So impt Rep Senators, under leadership of McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O'Care disaster, must happen!
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand!
Great evening with President & Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with France stronger than ever.
Great bilateral meetings at Élysée Palace w / President. The friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable.
President, Thank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today!
Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the, members of the U. S. Military and their families.
Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border & save lives. Now the full House & Senate must act! ➡ ️
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate & honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U. S. entry into WWI.
" After 14 years, U. S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture. "
The W. H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts / Reform & many other things. I have very little time for watching T. V.
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!
. states " Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump. "
ISIS is on the run & will soon be wiped out of Syria & Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down ( 75 % ) & MS 13 gangs are being removed.
Remember, when you hear the words " sources say " from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist.
My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!
My son, Donald, will be interviewed by tonight at 10:00 P. M. He is a great person who loves our country!
Big wins against ISIS!
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!
Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States ( L. A. ). Stay tuned!
The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They can't win so all they do is slow things down & obstruct!
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother, as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can, & did!
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!
For years, even as a " civilian, " I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian & Syrian problems are solved!
... have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 ( had to apologize ). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?
... and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA & FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still don't...
Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded..
... We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion...
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U. S. - Explained that the U. S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!
Thank you, very kind!
Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D. C. and the WH. Just left China’s President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade & North Korea.
Law enforcement & military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. #G20Summit
The #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!
We will fight the #FakeNews with you!
Great first day with world leaders at the #G20Summit here in Hamburg, Germany. Looking forward to day two! #USA
Thank you! “Trump’s Defining Speech” WSJ Editorial:
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA!
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss. #G20Summit #USA 🇺 🇸
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinzō Abe of Japan & President Moon of South Korea.
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech!
On behalf of Melania and myself, thank you Poland! 🇺 🇸 🇵 🇱 #ICYMI, watch here ➡ ️ #POTUSinPoland
Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you! ➡ ️
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40 % in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G - 20. Will be back on Saturday.
#HappyIndependenceDay #USA 🇺 🇸
Gas prices are the lowest in the U. S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!
#HappyIndependenceDay #July4 #USA 🇺 🇸
... and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!
North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea...
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?
Really great numbers on jobs & the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like steel & aluminum dumping!
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on.
If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U. K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so.
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border & so much else!
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years ( wages will start going up ) and our base has never been stronger!
#FraudNewsCNN #FNN
We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood, poured your love, and bared your soul, in …
My use of social media is not Presidential - it’s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!
I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!
... the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews, and did. We will continue to WIN!
The FAKE & FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember, I won...
Getting rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w / so many of my evangelic …
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!
I am extremely pleased to see that has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It's about time!
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?
Word is that Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at & because she refused to go along w / ' Trump hate! '
Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend. #Canada150
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely …
Watched low rated for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!
When it comes to the future of America’s energy needs, we will FIND IT, we will DREAM IT, and we will BUILD IT. …
Statement on House Passage of Kate’s Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.
Good news out of the House with the passing of ' No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. ' Hopefully Senate will follow.
Good news, House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow.
" Mattis Says Trump’s Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria "
Join me LIVE with, , and. #UnleashingAmericanEnergy
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct #KatesLaw #SaveAmericanLives
Today, the House votes on two crucial bills: ☑ ️ #NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct ☑ ️ #KatesLaw ☑ ️Pass these bills & lets …
... to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
I heard poorly rated speaks badly of me ( don't watch anymore ). Then how come low I. Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U. S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U. S. badly.
From my first day in office, we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks …
Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up.
Today, I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more …
It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago ⚾ ️ to the this afternoon. …
The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes ( which they should ) is FAKE NEWS!
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well & want victory for U. S.
The failing writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, unlike OCare!
With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators are working hard!
So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS & ABC? What about the failing &? They are all Fake News!
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!
Wow, CNN had to retract big story on " Russia, " with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
Great day for America's future Security and Safety, courtesy of the U. S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people, & WIN!
From " Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election. " Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!
Very grateful for the 9 - O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE!
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash & burn!
.. under a magnifying glass, they have zero " tapes " of T people colluding. There is no collusion & no obstruction. I should be given apology!
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia...
... and did not want to " rock the boat. " He didn't " choke, " he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!
I am on - Enjoy!
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!
Obama Administration official said they " choked " when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums & deductibles increase by over 100 %. Remember keep your doctor, keep your plan?
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice!
Will be on. Enjoy!
We're all thinking of you! #TeamScalise
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst 🇺 🇸
I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead.
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
As promised, our campaign against the MS - 13 gang continues. " Busts 39 MS - 13 Members in New York Operation "
... whether there are " tapes " or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings.
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea...
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin ' Chuck stay!
... Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
... Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks ( long prior to election ). It's all a big Dem HOAX!
By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump & Russia.
Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!
Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U. S. Cellular Center now for an 8p mE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN …
Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare, Tax Cuts, Security. Obstruction doesn't work!
Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!
Thank you " Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election. "
Things are looking great for Karen H!
It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the today with Pence. ➡ ️ …
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi & China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!
The U. S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video:
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY
Democrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even live in district.
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct, no ideas. Vote " R "
Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement:
It was my great honor to welcome President & Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon. 🇺 🇸 🇵 🇦 ➡ ️ …
... because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.
Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent...
... because he doesn't live there! He wants to raise taxes & kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.
Karen Handle's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent...
... getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!
Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and...
My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families. ➡ ️ …
The Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100 % increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H
Jay Sekulow on now.
Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!
The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50 % Approval Rating.That ' s higher than O's # ' s!
... massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S.C.Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,..
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for th …
Back from Miami where my Cuban / American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!
" National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba " Memorandum …
Great news! #MAGA
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic & jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up!
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them
After 7 months of investigations & committee hearings about my " collusion with the Russians, " nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!
Crooked H destroyed phones w / hammer, ' bleached ' emails, & had husband meet w / AG days before she was cleared - & they talk about obstruction?
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people! #MAGA
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!
Happy birthday to U. S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, & dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people!
The passage of the Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I lo …
Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer = resist!
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.
Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???
A. G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes... gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!
Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S. C.
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!
Congratulations! ' First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania '
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting. …
Ivanka on now!
Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills & regulation killing Executive Orders, now kicking in!
My daughter, Ivanka, will be on tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
The Democrats have no message, not on economics, not on taxes, not on jobs, not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very ' cowardly! '
... way up. Regulations way down. 600,000+ new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3 %. Business and economic enthusiasm way up - record levels!
The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16 %. #NASDAQ up 19.5 %. Drilling & energy sector...
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling & Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH!
Great reporting by and so many others. Thank you!
Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication... and WOW, Comey is a leaker!
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare & also Infrastructure!
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets.
#ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative Watch ➡ ️
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay …
... extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding...
Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right!
That's right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his " no reason to be alarmed " statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!
. Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U. S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - & seek much tougher version!
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S. C.
People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is " no reason to be alarmed! "
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!
We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺 🇸
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me live at the. ➡ ️
The big story is the " unmasking and surveillance " of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P. M. The White House Rose Garden. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook & even Dems & DNC.
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguyễn Xuân Phúc to the this afternoon.
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new ( repeal & replace ) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $ ' s.
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!
... case against him & now wants to clear his name by showing " the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan... " Witch Hunt!
So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don't want him to testify. He blows away their...
Who can figure out the true meaning of " covfefe "??? Enjoy!
Despite the constant negative press covfefe
The U. S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt!
Russian officials must be laughing at the U. S. & how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO & military. Very bad for U. S. This will change
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families & God bless the USA!
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile... but China is trying hard!
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave. #MemorialDay 🇺 🇸
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging & demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!
The massive TAX CUTS / REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U. K. gave to U. S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems & Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
... it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems & Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
... it is very possible that those sources don't exsist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
Whenever you see the words ' sources say ' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names...
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.
Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!
Big win in Montana for Republicans!
Just arrived in Italy after having a very successful NATO meeting in Brussels. Told other nations they must pay more, not fair to U. S.
Big win in Montana for Republicans! We
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U. S. A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
I look forward to reading the 232 analysis of steel and aluminum - to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary.
... " we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices... to foster a truly level playing field. "
Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where...
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in - NATO will be much stronger.
Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list, of course, is terrorism. #G7Taormina
On behalf of Melania and myself, thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening, President Sergio Mattarella. …
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization - it is up to all who value life to confront & defeat this evil ➡ ️
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security.
Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.
Just arrived in Taormina with Melania. #G7Summit #USA 🇺 🇸
Thank you for your support. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #POTUSAbroad #USA 🇺 🇸
Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels, Belgium this afternoon!
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEAC …
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican & Pope, then #G7 and #NATO.
Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, Prime Minister and.
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom.
Prime Minister and - on behalf of Melania and myself, thank you for the invitation …
#RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad 🇺 🇸
Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit ➡ ️ Replay ➡ ️ #RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad
Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen & women who have served, and continue to serve the United States - our true HEROES …
Great to be in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad
#WeeklyAddress 🇺 🇸 ➡ ️
Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!
" President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14 / 2017 through 5/20 / 2017 as #PoliceWeek " Proclamation ➡ ️ …
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign & Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign & Obama Administration, there was never a special councel appointed!
' U. S. Industrial Production Surged in April '
I have been asking Director Comey & others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community...
... to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS & terrorism.
As President I wanted to share with Russia ( at an openly scheduled W. H. meeting ) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining...
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and #PoliceWeek Proclamation:
Today, I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers ' Memorial Service. #NationalPoliceWeek Watch …
Wishing Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! Happy #MothersDay
Will be interviewed by on at 9:00 P. M. ( Saturday night ). Enjoy!
We
Today, hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by, say hel …
China just agreed that the U. S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news!
When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end?
James Comey better hope that there are no " tapes " of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
... Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future " press briefings " and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???
As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!...
The Fake Media is working overtime today!
Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians & Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
Yesterday, on the same day - I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine, Pavlo …
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U. S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
We finally agree on something Rosie.
' Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity ' ➡ ️ …
' Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure ' …
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace! #DrainTheSwamp
Dems have been complaining for months & months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
The Roger Stone report on is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.
caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness... and now he is judge & jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.
years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When...
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. " Richie " devised one of the greatest military frauds in U. S. history. For...
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me!
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad!
Cryin ' Chuck Schumer stated recently, " I do not have confidence in him ( James Comey ) any longer. " Then acts so indignant. #draintheswamp
' Manufacturing openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery '
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today, we honor and thank all teachers! …
Biggest story today between Clapper & Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today - - - she said nothing but old news!
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows - there is " no evidence " of collusion w / Russia and Trump.
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the today with Mike Pence. …
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W. H. Counsel.
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W. H. Council.
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
Congratulations to on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U. S.
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia & why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!
Wow, the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do - - everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
Rather than causing a big disruption in N. Y. C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N. J. this weekend. Also saves country money!
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare!
If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums & deductibles - and be great healthcare!
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the " you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan & premiums will go down " ObamaCare lie. "
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer, LIVE: …
Death spiral! ' Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year '
Congratulations to on its unbelievable ratings hike.
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
... allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!
Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on...
An honor to host President Mahmoud Abbas at the WH today. Hopefully something terrific could come out it between th …
It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by Pence and Secretary at the …
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy, the great Air Force Falcons! Watch: …
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51 %. Our country needs a good " shutdown " in September to fix mess!
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We...
President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans & Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation.
... healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums & deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors... New
The Democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U. S.
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on this morning at 10:00 A. M. Have a great day!
Mainstream ( FAKE ) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders & great optimism!
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy!
. just stated that " President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history " Thank you Lou!
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China & its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad!
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started. We love our VETS!
Presidential Memorandum for the, re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security: …
. Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President and First Lady Juliana Awada to t …
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
Democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders.
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst 🇺 🇸
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!
... subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!
A great great honor to welcome & recognize the National Teacher of the Year, as well as the Teacher of the Year fro …
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our, Melania!
The U. S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years ( 2016 ). GDP up only 1.6 %. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.
... the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned ( close to 80 % ). They used to call this " judge shopping! " Messy system.
Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the " ban " case and now the " sanctuary " case is brought in...
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban & now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!
' Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America ' Executive Order: …
Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance. Full remarks: …
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!
Proud of for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20!
Today, I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation: #ICYMI - My statement last night at …
If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!
... the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be! #BuildTheWall
#CongratsPeggy!
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth ( and many others )! If
The two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC & NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch!
... popular vote. ABC News / Washington Post Poll ( wrong big on election ) said almost all stand by their vote on me & 53 % said strong leader.
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in...
Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.
The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.
ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
Thank you Lake Worth, Florida.
Very interesting election currently taking place in France.
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!
Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
After 5 SB victories since 2002, it was my honor to give Bob Kraft, Coach Belichick, and the players their first to …
WELCOME HOME, AYA! #GodBlessTheUSA 🇺 🇸
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they will
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot ( including S. C. ), media will kill!
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
We're going to use American steel, we're going to use American labor, we are going to come first in all deals. ➡ ️ …
Failing, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W. H.
Today I signed the Veterans ( OUR HEROES ) Choice Program Extension & Improvement Act @ the. #S544 Watch …
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican 🇺 🇸
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.
Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG " R " win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican 🇺 🇸 Watch ➡ ️
Just learned that Jon, who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesn't even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote!
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime & 2nd A.
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO
I will be interviewed on by starting at 6:00 A. M. Enjoy!
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U. S. We are removing them fast!
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia ( on Tuesday ) for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote " R " for lower taxes & safety!
See you tomorrow Wisconsin! ' Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area '
TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50 %
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
The Fake Media ( not Real Media ) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
A great book for your reading enjoyment: " REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS " by Michael J. Knowles.
" The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy! " So true.
The recent Kansas election ( Congress ) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice!
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
Happy Easter to everyone!
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!
Weekly Address -
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon!
Things will work out fine between the U. S. A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses & there will be lasting peace!
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so, the U. S., with its allies, will! U. S. A.
Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst
Great meeting w / NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share & focus on …
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily & predicted victory!
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.
I will be interviewed by at 6:00 A. M. . Enjoy!
Great Strategic & Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States. …
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare & Tax Cuts ( Reform ).
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U. S. A.
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U. S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameach
Thank you! #USA
... confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U. S. strongly condemns. I have great...
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A. M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix ( fill in and top )!
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack.
... goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade.
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...
It was an honor to host our American heroes from the #SoldierRideDC at the today with, …
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Great to talk jobs with #NABTU2017. Tremendous spirit & optimism - we will deliver!
. #CEOTownHall ➡ ️
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the as we renew the historic partnership betwe …
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project ( ) Soldier Ride to the on Th …
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
. from multiple sources: " There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented. "
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by. " Spied on before nomination. " The real story.
Melania and I are honored to light up the this evening, for #WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us & #LIUB. …
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.
Anybody ( especially Fake News media ) who thinks that Repeal & Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
Thank you - - will get even better as my Administration continues to put #AmericaFirst 🇺 🇸
.. not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated. " If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U. S.
Wow, just reporting big news. Source: " Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked...
... use subsidies to buy health plans. " In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Republicans or Dems.
The failing finally gets it - " In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is " no path to victory for Trump " that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump / Russia story?
' Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years ' ➡ ️ …
#ConfirmGorsuch #SCOTUS
Great meeting with a wonderful woman today, former Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice! #USA 🇺 🇸
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark, Lars Løkke Rasmussen { } to the yes …
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt ( excuse for big election loss ), by media & Dems, of historic proportion!
Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺 🇸 …
... and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...
Where are, and? #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare
If, and would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts & reform.
If, and Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts & reform.
Great op-ed from. Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare.
The failing has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws?
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team, & fast. We must fight them, & Dems, in 2018!
Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day. #ThankAVeteran …
Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session ➡ ️ …
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
Remember when the failing apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!
Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of Uranium?
A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! #MadeInTheUSA 🇺 🇸 Watch here:
It was an honor to welcome to the today with Pence & Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU fo …
The failing would do much better if they were honest!
Watch now on Podesta and Russia!
Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U. S. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very good shape!
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!
... money to Bill, the Hillary Russian " reset, " praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill & Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech...
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.
Democrats are smiling in D. C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood & Ocare!
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Happy #MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes! ➡ ️
Today, I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $ 25 BILLION & 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU …
Today, I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #KeystonePipeline. A grea …
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P. P. to continue if they stop this plan!
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare ( skyrocketing premiums & deductibles, bad healthcare ), this is finally your chance for a great plan!
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the today!
We are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep & tell them you support #AHCA. #PassTheBill …
A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!
Spoke to U. K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.
Big day for healthcare. Working hard!
Today on #NationalAgDay, we honor our great American farmers & ranchers. Their hard work & dedication are ingrained …
Honored to sign S. 442 today. With this legislation, we support ' s scientists, engineers, and astronauts in the …
Joined the Conference this morning at the U. S. Capitol. #PassTheBill #MAGA 🇺 🇸 …
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky - on my way! #MAGA 🇺 🇸
Congratulations Eric & Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you!
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College & lost!
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
#ICYMI: Weekly Address ➡ ️
... vast sums of money to NATO & the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes...
Great meeting with the Committee this morning at the!
" The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses ' Confidence "
North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been " playing " the United States for years. China has done little to help!
Happy Lá Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!
My representatives had a great meeting w / the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth & future mtgs!
Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!
An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland, to the today with Pence. 🇺 🇸 🇮 🇪
A budget that puts #AmericaFirst must make safety its no. 1 priority — without safety there can be no prosperity:
Thank you Nashville, Tennessee!
In Nashville, Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Andrew Jackson! #POTUS7 #USA 🇺 🇸
I will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P. M. on. Enjoy!
CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!
Will be going to Detroit, Michigan ( love ), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State & U. S. Already happening!
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, " went to his mailbox " and found my tax returns? FAKE NEWS!
Great optimism in America – and the results will be even better!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Meeting w / Washington, D. C. and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here …
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because S …
Healthcare listening session w / &. Watch: #ReadTheBill: …
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!
We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!
Weekly Address - 11:00 A. M. at the! #MAGA 🇺 🇸 ➡ ️
Honored to meet this years delegates w / Pence in the East Room of the. Congratulations …
' U. S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade ' ➡ ️
Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
Great news. We are only just beginning. Together, we are going to #MAGA!
Met with today at the. Great discussion!
On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America & around the world.
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
I feel sure that my friend will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
Thank you to for your $ 20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing & construction jobs in the USA!
Buy American & hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you.
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now — we're bringing back the JOBS!
45,000 construction & manufacturing jobs in the U. S. Gulf Coast region. $ 20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!
Buy American & hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you.
' President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program '
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it.
I hearby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it.
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando.
I hear by demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it.
We should start an immediate investigation into and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite!
Weekly Address Join me here:
#JointSession #MAGA 🇺 🇸
Join me live at 9:00 P. M. #JointAddress
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era ( per NBC / WSJ poll ) via:
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U. S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo …
Weekly Address from:
Trump vows to fight ' epidemic ' of human trafficking
' S & P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge '
' Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities '
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor, General H. R. McMaster. Video:
Join me at 11:00 am: Watch here:
General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.
' Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule '
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner & husband of ( just met w / ) o …
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in ' Death Spiral ' #RepealAndReplace
Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport! Tickets: …
Welcome to the United States, Benjamin & Sara! #ICYMI 🇺 🇸 🇮 🇱 Joint Press Conference:
Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning!
Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace & save healthcare for ALL Americans.
' Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H. J. Resolution 41 '
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with Pence & Secretary. Watch: …
Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect …
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI - watch here:
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM and a group of leading CEO's & business women from Canada 🇨 🇦 and th …
Welcome to the Prime Minister!
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce.
Congratulations Stephen Miller - on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!
#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea.
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States!
Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinzō earlier today.
Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General,! LIVE: …
Congratulations to our new Attorney General,!
' Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media '
' Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban ' Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries...
' Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far '
Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of. A great investment ( $ 7 BILLION ) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! …
' 16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won '
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by. She is a great person - - always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!
Thank you to our great Police Chiefs & Sheriffs for your leadership & service. You have a true friend in the …
An honor having the National Sheriffs ' Assoc. join me at the. Incredible men & women who protect & serv …
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, # 1 in terror, no problem!
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with airs tonight at 8: 00 P. M. Enjoy!
Thank you,! We would love to have you!
Join me live from the.
The American dream is back. We’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many, ma …
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party ( the media ) when our jobs were fleeing our country?
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting:
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
Today, we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger, 31 years later. #NeverForget
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you!
Congratulations Secretary Mattis!
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day:
. Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife - - You have our full support!
The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching - - - you have my full support!
Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong!
Will be interviewed by on at 10:00 pm tonight. Enjoy!
Spoke at the Congressional Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w /, ,. Th …
Spoke at the Congressional Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w /, ,. Th …
As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people.
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10 o'clock on. Will be my first interview from the White House. …
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the today.
Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off …
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the this morning. Together, we will #MAGA!
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper / lower press hall. Thank you Abbas!
THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington, D. C. TOGETHER, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN 🇺 🇸
TO ALL AMERICANS 🇺 🇸
So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain...
It is time to remember that...
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN & HIRE AMERICAN! #InaugurationDay #MAGA 🇺 🇸
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, it’s going to be #AmericaFirst 🇺 🇸
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.
power from Washington, D. C. and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDay
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another – but we are transferring...
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington, D. C. #Inauguration
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight - a very special evening! Together, we are going to MAKE AM …
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family! #Inauguration2017
On my way! #Inauguration2017
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D. C. …
Great seeing and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday. …
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare - now it's onto the House!
' BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims ' #FakeNews
' Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12 - Yr. High '
' Small business optimism soars after Trump election '
' U. S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980 '
Thank you to all of the men and women who protect & serve our communities 24/7 / 365! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay …
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan.
Happy Birthday!
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast & Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM.
" Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America "
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION & JOB CREATION.
TO ALL AMERICANS - #HappyNewYear & many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful & prosperous 2017 as we …
Happy Birthday!
Join, founded by Hall of Fame legend on 1/19 / 2017 in Washington, D. C. …
My Administration will follow two simple rules:
' Economists say Trump delivered hope '
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10 % and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
#MerryChristmas
Happy #Hanukkah
As to the U. N., things will be different after Jan. 20th.
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed... cont:
Thank you Alabama! From now on, it’s going to be #AmericaFirst. Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase: …
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI - Watch: …
#ThankYouTour2016 Tonight - Orlando, Florida Tickets: Tomorrow - Mobile, Alabama Tickets: …
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here:
Join me in Mobile, Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets:
If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs, jobs, jobs! Watch: …
Join me this Saturday at Ladd – Peebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets: …
#ThankYouTour2016 Tue: West Allis, WI. Thur: Hershey, PA. Fri: Orlando, FL. Sat: Mobile, AL. Tickets: …
October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace!
A very interesting read. Unfortunately, so much is true.
Reports by that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous & untrue - FAKE NEWS!
Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs & together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch: …
Thank you Louisiana! Get out & vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal …
Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow, we need you to go to the polls & send John Kennedy to the U. S. Senate.
THANK YOU IOWA! #ThankYouTour2016
Join me tomorrow! #MAGA 10am - Baton Rouge, LA. Tickets: 7pm - Grand Rapids, MI. Tickets:
On my way to Des Moines, Iowa - will see you soon with. Join us! Tickets: #ThankYouTour2016
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines, Iowa with Vice President-Elect - at 7:00 pm! #ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA …
We pause today to remember the 2,403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago...
A great night in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here:
Departing New York with General James ' Mad Dog ' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina! See you …
Join me tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina at 7pm! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets:
#ThankYouTour2016 12/6- North Carolina 12/8- Iowa 12/9- Michiga …
I am thrilled to nominate Dr. as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development …
Our great VPE, , is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
Thank you Ohio! Together, we made history – and now, the real work begins. America will start winning again! …
Heading to U. S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati, Ohio for a 7pm rally. Join me! Tickets:
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
' Donald Trump is already helping the working class '
' President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross & Todd Ricketts …
Join me in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00 pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU! Tickets: …
' President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation '
' President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma. '
Let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Th …
' Jeff Sessions, a Fitting Selection for Attorney General '
' President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise '
The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #ThankAVet
Happy 241st birthday to the U. S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!!
Watching the returns at 9:45 pm. #ElectionNight #MAGA 🇺 🇸
Still time to #VoteTrump! #iVoted #ElectionNight
#ElectionDay
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI! …
Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids, Michigan now. Watch NH rally here: …
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
Today in Florida, I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression - cont:
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here:
Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary &! Koster supports Obamacare & amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL!
' America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider '
' What I Like About Trump... and Why You Need to Vote for Him '
' Why Trump '
I love you North Carolina - thank you for your amazing support! Get out and tomorrow! Watch: …
On my way!
Just landed in North Carolina - heading to the J. S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Starting tomorrow it's going to be #AmericaFirst! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota, Florida! Watch here: …
Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI:
Thank you Pennsylvania - I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA …
Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again - it's our last chance to #DrainTheSwamp! Watch …
Our American comeback story begins 11/8 / 16. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT again for everyone! Watch: …
Thank you Minnesota! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp & #MAGA! #ICYMI - watch:
MONDAY - 11/7 / 2016 Scranton, Pennsylvania at 5:30 pm. Grand Rapids, Michigan at 11pm. …
Thank you Iowa - Get out & #VoteTrumpPence16!
Van Jones: ‘There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall’ — It Has to Do With Trade:
Great night in Denver, Colorado - thank you! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #ICYMI watch rally here: …
Thank you Reno, Nevada. NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst …
Join me live in Reno, Nevada!
JOIN ME TOMORROW! MINNESOTA • 2pm MICHIGAN • 6pm VIRGINIA • 9:30 p …
#DrainTheSwamp!
Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign ‘All Tactics,’ No Vision:
‘Must Act Immediately’: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Law
Watch Coach Mike Ditka - a great guy and supporter tonight at 8p mE on #WattersWorld with.
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina. We are 3 days away from the CHANGE you've been waiting for your entire life! …
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa, Florida! #ICYMI - watch here:
Join me in Denver, Colorado tonight at 9:30 pm: NEW - Scranton, Pennsylvania Monday @ 5:30 pm:
Thank you Hershey, Pennsylvania. Get out & VOTE on November 8th & we will #MAGA! #RallyForRiley #ICYMI, watch here …
Join me in Denver, Colorado tomorrow at 9:30 pm! Tickets:
Join me live in Hershey, Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain LIVE:
The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US. …
Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch: …
Join me live in Wilmington, Ohio!
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!
' ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS, CARTELS & DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE ' …
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal aliens & save American lives! Watc …
Clinton Aides: ‘Definitely’ Not Releasing Some HRC Emails:
" The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice " #DrainTheSwamp
Join me today in Wilmington, Ohio at 4pm: Tomorrow - Tampa, Florida at 10am:
There is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma, North Carolina! #ICYMI, watch here …
Join me in Wilmington, Ohio tomorrow at 4:00 pm! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Tickets:
#CrookedHillary is unfit to serve.
Thank you Concord, North Carolina! When WE win on November 8th, we are going to Washington, D. C. and we are going t …
Watching my beautiful wife, Melania, speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud. …
Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs & fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #DrainTheSwamp
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #6Days
Thank you Orlando, Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and ch …
After decades of lies and scandal, Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in. #DrainTheSwamp!
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election:
" It pays to have friends in high places - like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do. " #DrainTheSwamp!
Thank you Miami! In 6 days, we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White …
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
Join me in Florida tomorrow! MIAMI • 12pm ORLANDO • 4pm PENSACOLA • 7p …
WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to ' dump ' emails. Time to #DrainTheSwamp!
' Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged '
Mika Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea ‘ There’s Something There '
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats:
Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare:
' Kept me out of jail ': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman:
. is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.
#ICYMI: Governor and I were in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here: …
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!
JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA! MIAMI • 12pm ORLANDO • 4pm PENSACOLA • 7p …
Wow! I hear you Warren, Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP! Watch:
#ObamacareFail #HillarycareFail
Thank you Grand Rapids, Michigan! #ICYMI - watch:
Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900 + wins, many championships and a gold medal will be introducing …
' Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $ 28 Million For Clinton Foundation ' #DrainTheSwamp
Join me tomorrow in Michigan! Grand Rapids at 12pm: Warren at 3pm:
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out & VOTE! #DrainTheSwamp Watch rally: …
Thank you Greeley, CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch: …
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada - I love you! Departing for Greeley, Colorado now. Get out & VOTE! #ICYMI - watch here: …
See you tomorrow Michigan! Grand Rapids, MI tomorrow at noon: Warren, MI tomorrow at 3pm: …
Great day in Colorado & Arizona. Will be in Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me! Tickets: …
THANK YOU Phoenix, Arizona! Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100 …
So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you!
Departing Golden, CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here: Overflow:
#ObamacareFail
Tomorrow! Las Vegas, NV - 11a: Greeley, CO - 4p: Albuquerque, NM - 7p:
Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm! TICKETS: Golden: Phoenix: …
Thank you Maine, New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to …
We must not let #CrookedHillary take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. #DrainTheSwamp
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, “Israel is depressing.” I think Israel is inspiring!
If my people said the things about me that Podesta & Hillary's people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. " Bad instincts "
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids, Iowa at 7pm: Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow night at 3pm:
Thank you Geneva, Ohio. If I am elected President, I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our countr …
Join on Facebook & watch tonight's rally from Geneva, Ohio - our 3rd rally of the day. #AmericaFirst #MAGA
I delivered a speech in Charlotte, North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback & support. Lets #MAGA …
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio. Time to #DrainTheSwamp & #MAGA!
Join me in Cedar Rapids, Iowa tomorrow at 7:00 pm! #MAGA
#ICYMI: I agree - To all Americans, I see you & I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp with me on 11/8. …
Thank you Springfield, Ohio. Get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI - watch here:
Join me live in Springfield, Ohio!
Inside ‘Bill Clinton Inc.’: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #DrainTheSwamp!
JOIN ME! #MAGA TODAY: Springfield, OH Toledo, OH Geneva, OH FRIDAY: Manchester, NH Lisbon, ME Cedar Rapids, IA
I agree, - To all Americans, I see you & I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp w / me on 11/8.
" Clinton Foundation’s Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former President "
Ron Fournier: " Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect #CircleOfEnrichment ”
' WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals '
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL & REPLACE. Tired of the lies, and want to #DrainTheSwamp? Get out & VOTE …
Beautiful evening in Kinston, North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonight's rally here: …
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina. Great afternoon! #ICYMI - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech: …
JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW! Springfield - 1pm: Toledo - 4pm: Geneva - 7pm …
Thank you Tallahassee, Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out & VOTE! #ICYMI - watch here:
Thank you Sanford, Florida. Get out & VOTE #TrumpPence16! #ICYMI - watch this afternoons rally here: …
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! #ObamaCareInThreeWords
I have met & spent a lot of time with families @ The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday! …
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon - - and we will win! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
' Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008. ' Time to #DrainTheSwamp
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't! #ObamacareFailed
Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. #MAGA …
Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal & replace! #ObamacareFail
#ObamacareFail
Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal & replace! #ObamacareFail
#ObamacareFail
#ObamacareFail
Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again!
Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25 % next year:
#Obamacare premiums are about to SKYROCKET - - - again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal & replace!
As election looms, some bad news for Clinton, Democrats:
Record crowd in Tampa, Florida - thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA, #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D. C. and MAKE AMERICA …
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done!
My contract with the American voter will restore honesty, accountability & CHANGE to Washington! #DrainTheSwamp
Peter Navarro: ' Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear ' #DrainTheSwamp
' Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered ' Donald Duck ' troll campaign that broke the law '
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee, Florida! Sanford at 3pm: Tallahassee at 6pm:
THANK YOU St. Augustine, Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets #DrainTheSwamp! Off to Tampa now! …
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine, Florida! Lets #DrainTheSwamp & MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! …
Honored to receive an endorsement from - thank you! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AG …
' Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience '
Leaving West Palm Beach, Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me: …
' The Clinton Foundation’s Most Questionable Foreign Donations ' #PayToPlay #DrainTheSwamp
Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach, Florida. Get out & VOTE - lets #MAGA! EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY: …
Get out to VOTE on 11/8 / 2016 - and we will #DrainTheSwamp! RASMUSSEN NATIONAL Trump 43 % Clinton 41 %
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you - get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
' Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official’s Wife '
' Clinton Charity Got Up To $ 56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays ' #CrookedHillary
Thank you Naples, Florida! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Full Naples rally …
#CrookedHillary #PayToPlay
Join me in Naples, Florida this evening at 6:00 pm! Tickets:
Remember - get out on November 8th & VOTE #TrumpPence16. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp - - this is our last chance!
Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt, Everything ‘They Touch Turns To Molten Lead’
Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal! EDITORIAL: ' Donald Trump for president ' via
Thank you for the massive turnout tonight - Cleveland, Ohio! Get out & VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Watch rally here: …
WikiLeaks: ' Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick '
' Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House '
' Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems '
Just arrived in Cleveland, Ohio - join Governor and I now, LIVE via:
Hillary Clinton: ' Architect of failure ' #DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary
Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland, Ohio. …
In order to #DrainTheSwamp & create a new GOVERNMENT of, by, & for the PEOPLE, I need your VOTE! Go to LET'S #MAGA!
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG & our people will be SAFE. …
Change has to come from outside our very broken system. #MAGA
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forum’s ‘ Islamist Money List '
Thank you Gettysburg, Pennsylvania! #DrainTheSwamp
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning, thank you. Lets #DrainTheSwamp and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain …
Will be in Cleveland, Ohio w / tonight - join us: Naples, Florida-tomorrow @ 6pm:
Governor and I will be in Cleveland, Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! #MAGA Tickets: …
Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown, Pennsylvania. Get out & VOTE on 11/8 / 16. Lets #MAGA! Watch: …
#CrookedHillary sending U. S. intelligence info. to Podesta’s hacked email is ‘unquestionably an OPSEC violation’
WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camp’s work with ‘ VERY friendly and malleable reporters’ #DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says ' people are more in despair about how things are '
" { Crooked Hillary Clinton } created this mess, and she knows it. " #DrainTheSwamp
' Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog ' Time to #DrainTheSwamp!
VERY IRONIC: " In 2010 video, Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ‘sensitive information’ "
Great crowd in Johnstown, Pennsylvania - thank you. Get out & VOTE on 11/8! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon …
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name “500 different examples” of conflicts of interest.
#CrookedHillary “was at center of negotiating $ 12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco” to Clinton Fdn.
Great crowd in Fletcher, North Carolina - thank you! Heading to Johnstown, Pennsylvania now! Get out on November 8th …
Huma calls it a " MESS, " the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again. #DrainTheSwamp
Hillary & Obama's Broken Promises. #RepealObamacare
In addition to those without health coverage - those that have disastrous #Obamacare are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCR …
Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. We'll create 25M jobs when I'm president, and I will DELIVER!
Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $ $ $ back? Probably not. Don't forget her slog …
' Trump won the third debate '
UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME! TOMORROW Fletcher, NC @ 12pm. SATURDAY Cleveland, OH @ 7pm.
#ICYMI - OHIO RALLY! Watch here:
On behalf of the entire family, we would truly be honored to have your vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #EarlyVote
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you! #DrainTheSwamp #PayToPlay
Thank you Delaware County, Ohio! Remember - either we WIN this election, or we are going to LOSE this country! …
If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this, we need to …
Thank you America! #MAGA Rasmussen National Poll Donald Trump 43 % Hillary Clinton 40 %
Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America - I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to …
Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal! Watch:
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll: TRUMP 77 % ( 18,290 ) CLINTON 17 % ( 4,100 ) #DrainTheSwamp #Debate
Join the MOVEMENT to #MAGA!
Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp, together we will #MAGA 🇺 🇸 #Debate
Join my team over on my Facebook page - live now! #Debates
The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of #AmericanUnity. First, we need to …
HILLARY'S HEALTH CARE POLICIES #DrainTheSwamp #Debate
We have to repeal & replace #Obamacare! Look at what is doing to people! #DrainTheSwamp
The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies. #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp
Together we can save American JOBS, American LIVES, and AMERICAN FUTURES! #Debates
I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing? #DrainTheSwamp
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp
HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. #BigLeagueTruth ❌ LIBYA ❌ SYRIA ❌ IRAN ❌ IRAQ ❌ ASIA PIVOT ❌ RUSSIAN RESET ❌ BENGHAZI …
Hillary says " take back Mosul? " We would have NEVER lost Mosul - if it wasn't for #CrookedHillary. #DrainTheSwamp
You should give the money back! #DrainTheSwamp
I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Brought to you by & her campaign - in Chicago, Illinois. #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp
. has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS... where has she been? #BigLeagueTruth
#CrookedHillary gives Obama an “A” for an economic recovery that’s the slowest since WWII... #BigLeagueTruth …
THE CHOICE IS CLEAR! #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp
This is what we can expect from #CrookedHillary. More Taxes. More Spending. #BigLeageTruth #DrainTheSwamp #Debates
. talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
. - you have failed, failed, and failed. #BigLeagueTruth Time to #DrainTheSwamp!
Hey - WE AGREE! #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp
Plain & Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people.
Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put …
#SecondAmendment #2A #Debates
It is so imperative that we have the right justices. #DrainTheSwamp #Debates #BigLeagueTruth
This is an incredible MOVEMENT - WE are going to take our country BACK! #November8th #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
UNBELIEVABLE! Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times:
' Over 250,000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to #Obamacare '
Join my team tonight at 8: 30pmE!
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT! …
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! #DrainTheSwamp
Obamacare premiums increasing 33 % in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced! …
' Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician '
Join me in Delaware, Ohio tomorrow at 12:30 pm! #DrainTheSwamp Tickets:
' Top Hillary Adviser Mocked, Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader ' #DrainTheSwamp
' Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times ' #DrainTheSwamp
' State works hard, and illegally, for Clinton ' #DrainTheSwamp
' Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State ' #DrainTheSwamp
The State Department's ' shadow government ' #DrainTheSwamp
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton:
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp!
‘ Food Groups’ – Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender:
#DrainTheSwamp
Time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D. C. and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8 / 2016. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE …
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. #DrainTheSwamp
' Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server ' #DrainTheSwamp
' Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's payroll '
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I ’ m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our count …
FL, KS, ME, MD, MN, NJ, OR & WV! It's the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at …
Hillary’s Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks:
Nevada: A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote!
If we let Crooked run the govt, history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence. #DrainTheSwamp
Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will #DrainTheSwamp.
I will Make Our Government Honest Again - - believe me. But first, I'm going to have to #DrainTheSwamp in DC.
Great night in WI. I ’ m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEO …
Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D. C.
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey ‘Stood In The Way’ Of Clinton Email Investigation:
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide:
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election:
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8: 00pm by Anderson Cooper on. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team:
Join me in Colorado Springs, Colorado tomorrow at 1:00 pm! #MAGA Tickets:
" Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash "
" State Department official accused of offering ' quid pro quo ' in Clinton email scandal "
Unbelievable.
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED!
Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday! Green Bay - 6pm Colorado Springs - 1pm …
“ The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted... " - - even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty.
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama!
Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security?
A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $ 1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT!
They let Crooked & the Gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable!
Thank you for sharing Amy.
Thank you Bangor, Maine! Get out & #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8 / 16 - and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT A …
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth, New Hampshire w / 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime …
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.
The truth is a beautiful weapon.
Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolina-in front of a massive crowd. He goes on & delivers the b …
Will be in Bangor, Maine today at 3pm - join me! #MAGA Tickets:
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th... because this is all …
Thank you for your support Greensboro, North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! #MAGA
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY:
Thank you to our U. S. Navy for protecting our country, both in times of peace & war. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA …
Join me live in Cincinnati, Ohio! #TrumpRally #MAGA
Join me in Greensboro, North Carolina tomorrow at 2:00 pm! #TrumpRally
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act ( Obamacare ) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years - disaster!
Great event in Columbus - taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out - thank you! OHIO NBC / WSJ / MARIST POLL Trump 42 % Clinton 41 %
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!
Thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst
Join me in Ohio & Maine! Cincinnati, Ohio - tonight @ 7:30 pm: Bangor, Maine - Saturday @ 3pm …
I will be in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow night at 7:30 pm - join me! #OhioVotesEarly #VoteTrumpPence16 Tickets: …
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. #CrookedHillary
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Thank you Florida - a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out & …
Join me Thursday in Florida & Ohio! West Palm Beach, FL at noon: Cincinnati, OH this 7:30 pm:
Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE - today is your last day. Go to: & get ou …
VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at: and get out to …
DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN.
Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to " Friends of Bill " after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable!
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL, OH, PA, MI, GA, TX, NM, IN, LA, TN, AR, KY, SC. Register:
Wow. Unbelievable.
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them!
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide ( every poll ), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8 / 16 - together, …
Is this really America? Terrible!
Debate polls look great - thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst
CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased.
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan: ✅ Eliminate excessive regulations! ✅ Lean government! ✅ Lower taxes! #Debates …
We're going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes!
. - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING! #Debates2016
ATTN: - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women #BigLeagueTruth
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens... continued:
Exclusive Video – Broaddrick, Willey, Jones to Bill's Defenders: ‘These Are Crimes, ’ ‘ Terrified ’ of ‘ Enabler’ Hillary
LA Times - USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary:
EXCLUSIVE — Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes:
Here is my statement.
Thoughts & prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors, and listen …
New National Rasmussen Poll:
Thank you Tennessee! #MAGA
VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8 / 16!
' Donald Trump: A President for All Americans '
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.
New Virginia poll - thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back – BIGGER, and BETTER, and S …
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon - join me! Ambridge: Wilkes-Barre: …
Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers ( ICE ) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement:
Such a great honor!
Amazing rally in Reno, Nevada - thank you. Make sure you get out on 11/8 & VOTE #TrumpPence16. Together, we will put …
Reuters polling just out - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8 / 16. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain …
EARLY VOTING: MN & IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN — check w / local officials for details & VOTE!
' Small business says Trump is their pick for president '
Thank you for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is ' crazy ', ' doesn't work ' and ' doesn't make sense '. Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
Thank you Henderson, NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page: …
About to begin a rally here in Henderson, Nevada. New Reuters poll just out - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT: …
Beautiful morning - thank you!
Clinton’s Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department: #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
.’s Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk: #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA: #VPDebate
CLINTON’S CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY: #VPDebate
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists: #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
. is wrong for defense: #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED.
. is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
CLINTON’S FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE: #VPDebate
. and I will defeat #ISIS. #VPDebate
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE “DOMINATING” THE DEBATE: #VPDebate
I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate " Police officers are the best of us... "
. Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
. oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179,249 while DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113,826. …
. - I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
Join the MOVEMENT!
Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE …
My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money, more freedom. #AmericaFirst means …
I will be watching the great Governor and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8: 30pm est! Enjoy!
Join me in Reno, Nevada tomorrow at 3:30 pm! #AmericaFirst #MAGA Tickets:
Join me in Reno, Nevada on Wednesday at 3:30 pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! #MAGA Tickets: …
Thank you Colorado! #MAGA
We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. #BigLeagueTruth …
Thank you Pueblo, Colorado! #TrumpRally #AmericaFirst
Join me in Henderson, Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30 am! #MAGA Tickets:
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians, HRC is not with you.
I believe in #AmericaFirst and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas …
Thank you Novi, Michigan! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! …
Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon. #TrumpTrain
Join me in Pueblo, Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm! #TrumpRally
Why isn't Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe it's the email scandal, policies that spread ISIS, or calling millions of …
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas & Arizona papers & now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
While Hillary profits off the rigged system, I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase: #FollowTheMoney …
Thank you for joining me this afternoon, New Hampshire! Will be back soon. #FollowTheMoney Speech transcript: …
Join me in Manheim, Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm! #TrumpRally Tickets:
Will be in Novi, Michigan this Friday at 5:00 pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at:
Join me in Bedford, New Hampshire - tomorrow at 3:00 pm. Can't wait to see everyone! #AmericaFirst #MAGA …
Thank you Waukesha, Wisconsin! Full transcript of my speech, #FollowTheMoney:
Joining from Waukesha, Wisconsin - now, live! Enjoy!
Join me live in Waukesha, Wisconsin for an 8p mE rally! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Thank you Council Bluffs, Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember - everything you need to know about Hillary - - just …
An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! #ImWithYou Video: …
Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...
Join me in Council Bluffs, Iowa - today at 3pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets:
My supporters are the best! $ 18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record:
Unbelievable evening in Melbourne, Florida w / 15,000 supporters - and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. Tha …
Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs, Iowa! Tickets: …
Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today!
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure:
' CNBC, Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate ' via. #MAGA
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support! #ImWithYou
In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $ 13M from online donations and National Call Day, and we’re still going! Thank you America! #MAGA
Thank you for your endorsement,. #MAGA
Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins! #AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYou …
' U. S. Murders Increased 10.8 % in 2015 ' via:
Thank you! #TrumpWon #MAGA
Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
' True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch '
The # 1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you!
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched poll.
' How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats '
Thank you! Four new #DebateNight polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN …
. ' s First Presidential Debate Poll: Trump: 80 % Clinton: 20 % Join the MOVEMENT today & lets #MAGA! …
Thank you! CNBC #DebateNight poll with over 400,000 votes. Trump 61 % Clinton 39 % #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou …
TIME #DebateNight poll - over 800,000 votes. Thank you! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Thank you Governor! #AmericaFirst #Debates2016
Thank you Governor! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people. #AmericaFirst …
Thank you Senator! #Debates2016 #MAGA
.’s Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $ 400 Million Ransom Payment #DebateNight
. - Obama #ISIS Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat #DebateNight
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. ❌ LIBYA ❌ SYRIA ❌ IRAN ❌ IRAQ ❌ ASIA PIVOT ❌ RUSSIAN RESET ❌ BENGHAZI …
. ' s 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage #DebateNight
HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT!
A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! #DebateNight
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creati …
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in! #DebateNight #TrumpPence16
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT: #TrumpTrain …
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today! Sign up: #AmericaFirst …
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
Will be back in Virginia tonight - for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets: …
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA …
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center - Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at: …
' How Trump Would Stimulate the U. S. Economy '
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers & sm. biz, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65 %.
Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA …
Spoke with Governor of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
This is more than a campaign - it is a movement. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain SIGN UP TODAY & WE WILL WIN!
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm! #MAGA
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, North Carolina & Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today & lets #MAGA! …
Thank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8, 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE …
Hopefully the violence & unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity & leadership.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind, changing our future. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAF …
Thank you Kenansville, North Carolina! Remember - on November 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a …
Thank you High Point, NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation & I will fight to bring us together …
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
Thank you Nevada! #AmericaFirst #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Georgia! #AmericaFirst #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton ‘ Blew The Police Off '
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world.. cont:
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country & its people - how did he get thru system?
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
Under the leadership of Obama & Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!!
Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing, pretends she knows me well--wrong!
Wacky, who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
My thoughts and prayers go out to the & police officers - in Philadelphia.
" Donald Trump’s birther event is the greatest trick he’s ever pulled "
A very interesting take from:
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation & job creation!
Will be joining on at 11:35 pmE tonight. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 8p m. Enjoy!
Full transcript of economic plan - delivered to the Economic Club of New York. #MAGA
Thank you!
Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America! #LESM #MAGA
Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon. #MAGA
I will be interviewed on tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
Great poll out of Nevada - thank you! See you soon. #MAGA #AmericaFirst
Great evening in Canton, Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy!
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm:
Thank you Florida - can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me:
Thank you! #ImWithYou Video:
Great poll Florida - thank you! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight!
Thank you Rep.!
Thank you Rep.!
Thank you!
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Transcript:
#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
Thank you Clive, Iowa!
Join us today! Together, we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Heading to Iowa - join me today at noon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets:
Join me in Clive, Iowa tomorrow at noon! #AmericaFirst #MAGA Tickets:
Stopped by to thank all of the tremendous men & women for their hard work!
#NeverForget
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: #AmericaFirst
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on at 8: 10pm from Pensacola, Florida.
Thank you Ohio. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great honor to be endorsed by popular & successful of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you! #ImWithYou #MAGA
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS.
Thank you America - great #CommanderInChiefForum polls!
Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country & never let the American people down! #AmericaFirst
Wow - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at 7pm - - join me!
#AmericaFirst!
' Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll ' #AmericaFirst #MAGA
I will be interviewed on tonight at 11pmE. Enjoy!
Thank you North Carolina - get out & #VoteTrump on 11/8 / 2016! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans. #ImWithYou
Join me in Pensacola, Florida this Friday at 7pm! #VoteTrump
Thank you! #VoteTrump #ImWithYou
Thank you! #AmericaFirst
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst
Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now - some great polls. #AmericaFirst
Thank you American Legion Post 610 - for hosting & I for a roundtable with labor leaders. #LaborDay #MAGA
#LaborDay #AmericaFirst Video:
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac!
President Obama & Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida - Friday, 9/9 / 16 at 7pm. Join me!
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, and Detroit!
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
Great new poll Iowa - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
I will be interviewed by tonight at 8p m on the. Enjoy!
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO! #ImWithYou
Thank you for having me this morning. I enjoyed my time with everyone! #ALConvention2016
Under a Trump administration, it's called #AmericaFirst! #ImWithYou
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst
There will be no amnesty! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
Mexico will pay for the wall - 100 %! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
Just arrived in Arizona! #ImWithYou
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
Thank you North Carolina! #MAGA
Thank you America! #MAGA
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon! #ImWithYou Tickets:
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm! #ImWithYou Tickets:
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
#CrookedHillary
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
Thank you Arizona! #VoteTrump
Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets:
NATIONAL DEBT January 2009 = $ 10.6 TRILLION August 2016 = $ 19.4 TRILLION
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage & bravery.
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today. #ImWithYou
Join us via our new #AmericaFirst APP! #TrumpPence16
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou
Thank you Florida. Keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will be interviewed by at 7pm on. #Enjoy!
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat:
Meet the ‘ Trumpocrats’: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w / Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President:
" Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery " #CrookedHillary
The Clinton's are the real predators...
" Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign. " #FlashbackFriday
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. Full speech transcript:
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook - when their policies fail, they are left w / this one tired argument!
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters - but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Great Governor is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Will be on #Hannity @ 10pE - discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will #BuildTheWall & enforce our laws!
Thank you for your support! #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you! #TrumpPence16
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT & together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Great new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
Thank you Travis County, Texas! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on at 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy!
In Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down!
Join me in Tampa, Florida - tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets:
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
The quickly put together a hit job book on me - comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy, boring!
. ' s new book, ' In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
Great meeting with active & retired law enforcement officers - at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio.
Statement on Clinton Foundation:
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16
Thank you - will see you soon. #TrumpPence16
. - so humbled by my time w / you. You are in our thoughts & prayers.
We are one nation. When one hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up. #StandWithLouisiana
#WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!
Great job by on interview with on. #ImWithYou #TrumpTrain
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
The reporting at the failing gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana & another speech tonight in MI.
We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up.
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Will be participating in a town hall event - hosted by tonight at 10pmE on. Enjoy!
Thank you Governor & Chairman Priebus. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30 pm! #ImWithYou Tickets:
#LawandOrder #ImWithYou Video:
#LawandOrder #ImWithYou Transcript:
Will be on tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets... Cont:
This is my pledge to the American people:
' It's just a 2 - point race, Clinton 38 %, Trump 36 % '
Another health insurer is pulling back due to ' persistent financial losses on #Obamacare plans. ' Only the beginning!
#AmericasMerkel
" CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $ 400 BILLION. "
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Will be on tonight at 10pm, hosted by. Enjoy!
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you! #MAGA
Will be doing tonight at 8p m. Enjoy!
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing turns everyone off. The American people get it!
Thank you Fort Lauderdale, Florida. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you Abingdon, Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by " low ratings ".
Great meeting w / coal miners & leaders from the Virginia coal industry - thank you! #MAGA
I will be interviewed on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. #LESM
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad & irrelevant!
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti - 2A stance. I said pro - 2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
' As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat. '
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U. S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Thank you Newt!
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo!
Thank you Senator David Perdue!
Thank you!
Thank you - together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you!
Thank you Alex!
Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at:
#ICYMI: " Will Media Apologize to Trump? "
Thank you Windham, New Hampshire! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA
. - ' Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate '
#CrookedHillary is not fit to be our next president! #TrumpPence16
Good luck #TeamUSA #OpeningCeremony #Rio2016
' Trump is right about violent crime: It’s on the rise in major cities '
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor and I will be back soon. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA
Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor and I appreciate your support! #MAGA #TrumpTrain
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding. I won't dodge questions as your President.
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
See you tomorrow w / Gov., Iowa & Wisconsin! 3pm - 7pm -
Thank you Portland, Maine! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you! #CoastGuardDay
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors & counting here in Maine, thank you!
Looking forward to IA & WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us! #MAGA
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today - in Daytona Beach, Florida! #LESM #MAGA
THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
My daughter will be on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
Report raises questions about ‘Clinton Cash’ from Russians during ‘ reset '
#ICYMI: John Podesta’s Brother Pocketed $ 180,000 from Putin’s Uranium Company:
#CrookedHillary
Join me in Florida tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Daytona | 3pm - Jacksonville | 7pm -
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP:
Thank you Virginia! #ImWithYou
The Washington Post calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow!
Great afternoon in Ohio & a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia!
Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd - - so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Thanks to for your kind words, very much appreciated.
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona & Jacksonville: Daytona | 3pm - Jacksonville | 7pm -
During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don’t want them heard.
When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550 % and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays & refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100 % owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA
Thank you Oklahoma & Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary... that's really saying something!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding - - or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada - tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at:
#CrookedHillary
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via:
#CrookedHillary = Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.
#CrookedHillary
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
While I am in OH & PA - you can also join in Nevada on Mon! Carson City: Reno:
Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio & Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA 3pm in OH: 7pm in PA:
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9 % - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the ' American Dream! '
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, NAFTA / TPP support & Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
Thank you Denver, Colorado! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
As usual, Hillary & the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w / Bernie. Unacceptable!
#CrookedHillary Job Application
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement & insticts.
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #LESM
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out & VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November!
" Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal. "
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm - or in Denver tonight at 7pm! Colorado Springs: Denver:
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse. #TrumpPence16
Thank you! Facebook: Instagram:
Join at the University of Northwestern Ohio - tonight at 7pm. Tickets:
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT:
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550 % increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT!
#CrookedHillary
" Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential win "
Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT with joining me in Davenport - this past winter. #MAGA
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
AMERICA'S FUTURE
Our country does not feel ' great already ' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78 % this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#CrookedHillary
Thank you Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA
" Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so far "
Great new poll - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Join our next Vice President, in Wisconsin tonight & Michigan Thursday! MI: WI:
Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP.
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b / c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS & her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Join us in Toledo, Ohio - tomorrow night at 8p m! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA Tickets:
Join us tomorrow in Scranton, Pennsylvania at 3pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA Tickets:
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
Thank you OHIO! #TrumpPence16
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia - be back soon! #TrumpPence16
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Today proves what I have always known, that Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (. )
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpPence16
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #RNCinCLE
FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! #TrumpPence16
This is a MOVEMENT! #RNCinCLE
Thank you. Proud of you! #RNCinCLE #TrumpPence2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Our next Vice President of the United States of America, Gov.! #GOPinCLE #GOPConvention #AmericaFirst
Great job! Proud of you! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
Watching the #GOPConvention #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain #TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain #TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention
Will be on tonight at 8: 30pm - prior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in - she will do great! #RNCinCLE
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain! #GOPConvention #RNCinCLE
Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...
Thank you! #TrumpPence16
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! #ImWithYou
Great new poll - thank you America! #Trump2016 #ImWithYou
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Even the and Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true - just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Despite spending $ 500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide. Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Lyin ' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common.
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is most pro-Israel of all time!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
#CrookedHillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida, Ohio, & Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet!
Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania! #CrookedHillary is not qualified. #ImWithYou
Thank you! #ImWithYou
THANK YOU INDIANA! #Trump2016
Thank you Iowa - see you soon! #Trump2016 #ImWithYou
I will be interviewed by tonight on at 8p m. Enjoy!
The American people agree. No free pass for #CrookedHillary!
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals & global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
#CrookedHillary is not qualified!
This election is a choice between law, order & safety - or chaos, crime & violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYou
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..
Speech on Veterans ' Reform:
Great poll - Florida! Thank you!
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families - along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.
Join me in Westfield, Indiana - tomorrow night at 7:30 pm! #Trump2016 Tickets:
New poll - thank you! #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on?
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity - today in Miami.
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...
Thank you Speaker! #AmericaFirst #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Rep. Collins! #Trump2016
Great being in Cincinnati, Ohio last night - thank you! Off to Washington D. C. now. #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the ' Star of David ' also? Dishonest media! #Frozen
To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary.
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but...
I will be interviewed by tonight on at 11pm. Enjoy!
My son, will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm on. Enjoy!
Happy 4th of July! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
Thank you. #ImWithYou
Thank you for your support! #AmericaFirst #LeadRight2016
Thank you! #AmericaFirst
If I become the next POTUS - they will not be ignoring! #AmericaFirst
Crooked Hillary - - Makes History! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
The #2A to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep & bear Arms shall not be infringed upon.
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
When you can't say it - or see it - - you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado! #ImWithYou #WCS16
Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. #AmericaFirst
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel - - a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while:
Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough.
. great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Take a look at what happened w / Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
The reason I put up approximately $ 50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $ 50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonest refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $ 50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich - selling out America.
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch - she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me - 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center!
New Q poll out - we are going to win the whole deal - and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here: #CrookedHillary #Trump2016
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own:
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump ' Stakes Of The Election ' Address:
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
I have never liked the media term ' mass deportation ' - - but we must enforce the laws of the land!
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
Thank you to everyone who came out & joined us yesterday!
On the 13th tee box with my grand daughter, Kai!
Arriving with &. Back to New York tonight. Video:
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia - dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal & illegal immigrants settled..
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w / a free & ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, & as a people w / a shared history.
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E. U. Membership
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families #CrookedHillary
#Imwithyou
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
Yesterday's failing fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed!
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. #Trump2016
See you soon Arizona! #Trump2016
I love you Arizona! Thank you! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona today at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
Thank you Houston, Texas! #AmericaFirst #Trump2016
Thank you! #AmericaFirst
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!
Thank you - on my way!
Thank you!
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
THANK YOU! #AmericaFirst
Thank you Dallas, Texas!
Houston, TX: Las Vegas, NV Phoenix, AZ:
Join me in Houston, Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets:
" Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer. "
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast - JOBS!
McAllen, Texas - 8 miles from U. S. - Mexico border. #Trump2016 Video:
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!
Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday! #AmericaFirst #Trump2016
Thank you Atlanta, Georgia! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst
Thank you Greensboro, North Carolina! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA: WEDNESDAY! GEORGIA: SATURDAY! NEVADA:
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the! THANK YOU!
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday - at noon! #Trump2016 Tickets:
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on - cont'd:
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation - cont'd:
I thought people weren’t celebrating? They were cheering all over, even this savage from Orlando. I was right.
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby:
I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is:
TERRORISM, IMMIGRATION, AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH - TRANSCRIPT:
Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions, Pittsburgh!
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness & vigilance. We must be smart!
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims & their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart & vigilant?
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly.
Join me on Tuesday - in Greensboro, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #AmericaFirst
Thank you Tampa, Florida! #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain
Sad case - did article saying I don't pay bills - false, only don't pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!
In Tampa, Florida - thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you Richmond, Virginia! #Trump2016
Thank you Coalition! An honor joining you today - to discuss our shared values. #RTM2016 #Trump2016
Heading to Richmond, Virginia now. Join me tonight! #Trump2016 Tickets:
#FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary
2004 VIDEO: Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! #Trump2016
Join me! 6/10: Richmond, VA - 8p m 6/11: Tampa, FL - 11am 6/11: Pittsburgh, PA - 3pm 6/13: Portsmouth, NH - 2:30 pm
Join me! #Trump2016 6/10: Richmond 6/11: Tampa 6/11: Pittsburgh
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted?
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv:
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst #Trump2016
Thank you California! #Trump2016
Thank you New Mexico! #Trump2016
Thank you South Dakota! #Trump2016
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016
Thank you Montana! #Trump2016
Thank you! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6, 1944.
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales, so many people feel this way.
Thank you Redding, California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #CAPrimary
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event - taking place on June 24th.
" I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic, I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100 % behind Trump. "
Then, on June 25th - back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After, I will visit in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
After I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club,.
On June 22 - I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated Resort, the worlds best.
Join me in Redding, California - tomorrow at 1:00 pm. #Trump2016 Tickets:
. - Thank you for the nice piece in /. Keep up the great work!
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Join me in San Jose, California - tonight! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Tickets:
Thank you Sacramento, California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Same failing " reporter " who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today - will never learn!
Join me in San Jose, California - tomorrow evening at 7pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Congratulations to on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings - I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
I will be interviewed on tonight at 10pmE on. Enjoy!
Join me in Sacramento, California-tomorrow evening @ 7pm! #Trump2016
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs - an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, R's!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics - b / c I stand 100 % behind everything we do.
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
I am always on the front page of the failing, but when I won the GOP nomination, I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money & get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The failing wrote a story about my management style & that I don't have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800 - & I'm beating her.
Great rally in Fresno, California - great crowd! Thank you! #Trump2016
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees ' social media accounts:
. - Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Thank you - many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it - love your music!
Wow - 25,000 in San Diego, California! Thank you!! #Trump2016
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on tonight - at 8p mE. Watch it, should be good! #Trump2016
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
My wife, and my children will be featured on with - 7pmE. Enjoy! #MeetTheTrumps #Trump2016
Celebrating 1237! #Trump2016
Thank you! #Trump2016
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
Thank you Mr. & Mrs. for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. #Trump2016
. - just watched you on - thank you!
Thank you Anaheim, California! #Trump2016
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
Thank you Washington! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of. Really nice! #Trump2016
After raising, w / no obligation, almost $ 6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT - SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
Thank you - for setting the failing story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written!
Join me in California or Montana! 5/25 / 16: Anaheim, California 5/26 / 16: Billings, Montana
Thank you America! #Trump2016
Join me on Wednesday, May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center! #Trump2016 #MAGA Tickets:
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500 % increase in Syrian refugees. We can’t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?
Why do the networks continue to put dopey on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes! #ArmedForcesDay
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today. It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! #Trump2016
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre, Chris Cox & the! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the - prior to! #Trump2016 #2A
Failing will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Thanks! " Trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining & massively popular candidate this country has ever seen. "
Crooked Hillary Clinton - discussing the #SecondAmendment at a private event. #2A cc:
I am on my way! See you all soon!
Thank you. We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016
Thank you Arizona! See you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Oregon! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will be live tweeting my interview with on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy!
#VoteTrump at clerk's offices & 185 ballot drop boxes in #ORPrimary! Closes at 8p m!
Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday joined.
Great new poll - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Georgia! See you soon! #Trump2016
Great new poll - thank you!
Great meeting with Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D. C. #Trump2016
Great day in D. C. with and Republican leadership. Things working out really well! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Nebraska! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you West Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
WEST VIRGINIA #VoteTrump TODAY! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
NEBRASKA #VoteTrump TODAY! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#NEPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016
#WVPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!
#HappyMothersDay!
. thank you for your support tonight on.
Join me in Washington today! Spokane tickets: Lynden tickets:
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action - - maybe her Native American name?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton’s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
Response to:
I hear of rapidly fading is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. #Trump2016
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, " We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners & coal companies out of business. " She then apologized.
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Omaha, Nebraska: Eugene, Oregon:
Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!
Join me in Charleston, WV - tomorrow!
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #INPrimary #VoteTrump
Polls close at 6pm! #INPrimary #Trump2016 #VoteTrump
Thank you America! #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 #VoteTrump
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #INPrimary #VoteTrump
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #INPrimary #VoteTrump
Thank you South Bend, Indiana! Everyone get out & #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while - - big rally! See you soon!
Will be interviewed on tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimary
THANK YOU AMERICA! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Carmel, Indiana! Get out & #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! #INPrimary #Trump2016
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8 / 2016. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Join me in Carmel, Indiana - tomorrow at 4pm! #INPrimary
Thank you Fort Wayne, Indiana! #Trump2016 #INPrimary
Thank you Terre Haute, Indiana! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good & never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
I am on with Chris Wallace - his 20th year anniversary with #FNS, throughout the day. Enjoy!
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while - - big rally! See you soon!
I watched Sen. Graham. Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates. #Trump2016 #MAGA
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016
Thank you Costa Mesa, California! 31,000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back! #Trump2016
New York Yankees President, Randy Levine: ' End of the Republican Party ' If Donald Trump Not Nominated.
I will be interviewed on with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight - tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #INDPrimary
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Evansville, Indiana! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Laura!
Thank you for the endorsement, Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it!
Join me on - from Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! #Trump2016
THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Agreed!
Thank you Newt!
Thanks Dave!
Thanks!
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you!
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016
Thank you Rhode Island! #Trump2016
Thank you Connecticut! #Trump2016
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016
Thank you Maryland! #Trump2016
Thank you America! #Trump2016
Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, Maryland! #VoteTrump
You have until 8p m to #VoteTrump, Delaware!
Thank you for a great day yesterday, Rhode Island! #VoteTrump
Six hours left to #VoteTrump Connecticut!
Lets go Pennsylvania! #VoteTrump
Thank you for the incredible support - Melania, Barron, Ivanka, Jared, Tiffany, Don, Vanessa, Eric, and Lara!
Thank you &. #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #CTPrimary #DEPrimary #MDPrimary #PAPrimary #RIPrimary
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania! #PAPrimary #VoteTrump
Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island! #RIPrimary #VoteTrump
Lynne Ryan - - just read your great story in the NY Times - - I am proud of you. Thanks!
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain
Thank you Bridgeport, Connecticut! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Waterbury, Connecticut! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video:
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS & ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district!
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! #Trump2016
Thank you California! See you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you,! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you for the incredible support, Maryland! This is a movement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN ' Ted.
Thank you Maryland - what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon. #Trump2016
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Had a meeting with the terrific of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state!
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Off to Indiana! #Trump2016
Thank you New York! I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Join me in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets:
Thank you Eric!
Thank you Buffalo! #NYPrimary
Thank you for today's endorsement, New York Veteran Police Association! #NewYorkValues
Thank you, California! Will see you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary
Thank you California, Connecticut, Maryland, and Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
See you tomorrow Dutchess County, New York! #NYPrimary #TrumpTrain
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh, PA. 8: 00pm on FOX. Enjoy! #Trump2016
THANK YOU, SYRACUSE! #NYPrimary
Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #NYPrimary
#ICYMI: this morning.
Join me this weekend! #NYPrimary 4/16: SYRACUSE - NOON 4/16: WATERTOWN - 3pm #Trump2016
Thank you,! #Trump2016
Thank you America! #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me on Saturday - in Syracuse, New York! #NYPrimary #Trump2016
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Will be interviewed by on tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy! #Trump2016
Join me in Pittsburgh - tonight at 7pmE! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain Tickets:
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I LOVE NEW YORK! #NewYorkValues
THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Missouri just confirmed #Trump2016 as the official winner - with an additional 12 delegates. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
WOW, great new poll - New York! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016 #NewYorkValues
Thank you Albany, New York! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Join me in Rome, NY - tomorrow! #Trump2016 #NYPrimary Tickets available:
Tune in & join me live in Albany, New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain
A very interesting piece, by a very good writer, of and.
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly ( ) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife, , today. #NewYorkValues
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island - - - great to be home!
I was not scheduled to be on the. Pure fiction!
Still time to get out and VOTE! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 #MAGA
Wow, is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting. Good news - - bad, dishonest journalists!
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! #VoteTrump today & we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be on - tonight at 10pmE w /, from Wisconsin. Enjoy! #WIPrimary #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you!
Will be interviewed on on from #Wisconsin tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you!
Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary
This Tweet from has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.
A great night in West Allis, Wisconsin! Thank you! #VoteTrumpWI #WIPrimary
I am on with doing a town hall, from Wisconsin - now! Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Congratulations to for winning the. We are all proud of you & all clubs! Great going!
I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin - tomorrow at 7pmE with. Join us! #WIPrimary #Trump2016
Thank you Miss Katie's Diner! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary
Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin. #VoteTrump on Tuesday, April 5th! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed by on tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #Trump2016
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN! Thank you #Racine & #Wausau! Just arrived in #EauClaire! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary #TrumpTrain
. should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
. - Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!
Great honor to have General Counsel, #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
Join me on Monday, April 4th in Milwaukee! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 Tickets:
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon! #WIPrimary #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
THANK YOU, NEW YORK! #Trump2016
THANK YOU, AMERICA! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
THANK YOU, WISCONSIN! #VoteTrump next Tuesday, April 5th! #WIPrimary
Just had a very nice meeting with Priebus and the. Looking forward to bringing the Party together - - - and it will happen!
The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. #Trump2016
Thank you - Appleton, Wisconsin! #WIPrimary #Trump2016
Congratulations to for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Please keep your thoughts & prayers with Melissa Young - Miss Wisconsin 2005.
THANK YOU, NEW YORK! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
. got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on being nasty to me. Not nice!
Final # ' s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified # ' s show a 365 vote increase for me - @ least 12 more delegates!
Thank you! #Trump2016
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand??
This was the reporters statement - when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune.
Victory press conference was over. Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges?
" Kirsten Powers: Anti - Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story " via the Gateway Pundit:
See Lyin ' Ted, even the ( no fan of mine ) says this story came from Rubio, not Trump!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016 #WesternTuesday #TrumpTrain
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately & get home to Washington - where a #POTUS, under a serious emergency belongs!
#UtahCaucus message from! #UTCaucus #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#ArizonaPrimary message from! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#VoteTrump video: #AZPrimary #ArizonaPrimary #UtahCaucus #UTCaucus #AmericanSamoa
My heart & prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it.
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U. S. must be vigilant and smart!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you - Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 supporters! #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. - You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. - Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic - everybody loves it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. - Just watched you on #WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you - two amazing people! #Trump2016
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday. I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Great to be back in Arizona! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you - New York! I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! #Trump2016
Reading of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him - dummy!
While I have never met of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits - he has no sense of the real world!
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watching - fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah - fantastic crowd with no interruptions. Love Utah - will be back!
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
I guess I have reached yet another " ceiling " - 49.7 %, with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you!
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Everybody should boycott the show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, & the most overrated person on tv.
Thank you Arizona - I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich & Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
Club for Growth letter - trying to extort $ 1,000, 000.00 from me. Remember, I said - NO!
Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah - tonight! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you, Missouri! #Trump2016
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
Thank you Marco, I agree!
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
Thank you Illinois! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you, Florida! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands! #SuperTuesday #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#VoteTrump #SuperTuesday ✅ Florida ✅ Illinois ✅ Missouri ✅ North Carolina ✅ Ohio #TrumpTrain
Just in, big news - I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8 % of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter,! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday
Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
THANK YOU - Youngstown, Ohio! I love you! Get out & #VoteTrump tomorrow. #Trump2016
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard - bad for American workers!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
We don't have a country - if we don't have borders. #VoteTrump Video:
Just received from. Thank you Pete! #VoteTrump on Tuesday Ohio! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
LYIN ' TED
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination - & should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Carly Fiorina - I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk - no action!
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive!
Wow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail!
#EndCommonCore #Trump2016 Video:
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton & 25K in Cleveland - perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks - I love you, Ohio!
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida - on behalf of little Marco Rubio. No way to run a country!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, & their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Dayton, Ohio! 20,000 supporters - largest in airport history! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump today! #Trump2016
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres! #Trump2016
It means so much to me - receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman & conservative.
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Dr. Ben Carson - I concur. " I believe in God who can change people - he can make any of us better. "
Thank you! #GOPDebate
Thank you America! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Mark. #GOPDebate
Another Dishonest Politician #LightweightSenatorMarcoRubio
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, & is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
Thank you Hawaii! #Trump2016
This was a great evening - I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016
Thank you Mississippi! #Trump2016
Thank you! #Trump2016
Thank you America! #Trump2016
Hawaii: Idaho: Mississippi: Michigan:
#VoteTrumpID! #Trump2016
#VoteTrumpHI! #Trump2016
#VoteTrumpMI! #Trump2016
#VoteTrumpMS! #Trump2016
Thank you!
Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho & Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video:
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly & are bad for America.
People forget, it was Club for Growth that asked me for $ 1 million. I said no & they went negative. Extortion!
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I’ll be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000! Thank you!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm EST on! Enjoy!
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio:
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes - nobody grows them better. As President, I will protect your market.
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads - who submitted " excellent " reviews.
. and did a 1 hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
Thank you to and for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are # 1 in the ratings!
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters:
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn’t have a clue.
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016
FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you:
Thank you Kentucky! #Trump2016 #SuperSaturday
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016 #SuperSaturday
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!
Thank you Willie Robertson! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami - but even more so in Orlando with the #TrumpTrain!
I am watching two clown announcers on as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag!
Romney's failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost - don't know how to win!
. was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!
#CaucusForTrump #Trump2016
Getting ready to make my speech at #KansasCaucus. A great honor! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside - and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! #CaucusForTrump
To the people of Kentucky, Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure. #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself ( 1 %. ) KY his 2nd choice!
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you New Orleans, Louisiana! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Cadillac, Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI on 3/8 / 2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#VoteTrumpKS #Trump2016 March 5, 2016 | Wichita, Kansas:
U. S. Senator Bob Corker ( R-Tenn. ) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election:
Thank you Macomb County, Michigan! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you America! #Trump2016
MY POSITION ON VISAS #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University. #GOPDebate
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer - not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company - don't think I ever even used.
Senator Sessions will serve as the Chairman of my National Security Advisory Committee.
THANK YOU PORTLAND, Maine! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! #Trump2016
Will miss tonight at the #GOPDebate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the #TrumpTrain. We will never forget.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Video:
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together - and unify. Video:
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. ( 2/2 )
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. ( 1/2 )
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here:
. poll just hit 49 % for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
My wife will be #OnTheRecord w / tonight at 7pmE on. Enjoy!
Thank you Vermont! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday
Thank you Arkansas! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday
Thank you Virginia! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday
Thank you Alabama! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday
Thank you Massachusetts! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday
Thank you Georgia! #SuperTuesday #Trump2016
Wow! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky! #VoteTrump on 3/5 / 2016! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Lets go America! Get out & #VoteTrump! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #SuperTuesday
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Columbus, Ohio!
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
Thank you Georgia! 15,000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out & #VoteTrump tomorrow! #SuperTuesday
Great news - Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day - VOTE! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday
Thank you Brian France, Bill Elliott, ,, &! #NASCAR #Trump2016 #VoteTrump
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled, but won't out of principle! See student surveys.
Trump University has a 98 % approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!
Thank you Virginia! 15,000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and #VoteTrump tomorrow!
My wife will be joining tonight at 8p mE on. Enjoy!
Governor Alejandro García Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio “ is no friend of Puerto Rico. "
#Trump2016 #TrumpInstagram:
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU, the American people! #Trump2016 Video:
" Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York " #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Join me in Columbus, Ohio tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you America! Get out & VOTE tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32,000 supporters tonight. Get out & VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video:
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville / Madison Alabama! Landing now! #Trump2016
Phylis Schlafly: ' Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All '
Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers " like absolute trash " in order to pass Obama's amnesty.
Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of " sex offenses. " DISGRACE!
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D. C. politician that is all talk and no action. #RobotRubio
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician.
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke - I disavow.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
We need to fix our broken education system! #StopCommonCore #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video:
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out & #VoteTrump on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
Incredibly proud of my son & his efforts on behalf of in Memphis, TN.
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall - in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004.
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
What I would do on my first day in office. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Watch:
Thank you Texas! 10,000 amazing supporters! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Never let them see you sweat!
Thank you for your support & friendship - Governor! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
They don't like Rubio in Florida - he left them high & dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting! #Trump2016
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy, but good.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you! #GOPDebate Polls #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016
Failed presidential candidate was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid & didn't release his tax returns until 9/21 / 12.
THANK YOU! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina, it's over. He didn't win - and lost to me in a landslide!
Thank you Illinois! #Trump2016
Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night! #MakeYoutubeGreatAgain #Trump2016
I'm going to do what was totally unable to do - WIN!
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Schedule & tickets:
Signing a recent tax return - isn't this ridiculous?
Just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w / someone’s net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w / FEC. They are great!
Great new poll. Thank you Texas! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Texas, Georgia & many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement! #Trump2016 VOTE VIDEO:
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
In all of television - the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory - - was dopey. He should be fired!
I am in Virginia Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson - beginning now! Watch here:
I am self funding my campaign & don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! #Trump2016 Watch:
THANK YOU NEVADA! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Username: realdonaldtrump
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
Exclusive interview w / my wife - tomorrow morning @ 8amE on w /. Enjoy!
Thank you Sparks, Nevada! #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus Finder:
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $ 1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Join us in Sparks, Nevada today! #NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS, NEVADA! #NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV
Join me live - now in Las Vegas, Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus
Thank you Vermont! #VoteTrumpVT
Thank you Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI Trump 35 % Kasich 17 % Cruz 12 % Rubio 12 % Carson 9 % Via: ARG
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! #VoteTrumpNC on 3/15! Trump 36 % Cruz 18 % Rubio 18 % Carson 10 % Kasich 7 % Via
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. #VoteTrumpMA
Thank you Illinois! Great news! #VoteTrumpIL on 3/15! Trump 28 % Cruz 15 % Rubio 14 % Kasich 13 % Bush 8 % Carson 6 % Simon Poll / SIU
Thank you for your endorsement! #BikersForTrump #VoteTrumpNV Video:
THANK YOU Atlanta, Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
I have built so many great & complicated projects – creating tens of thousands of jobs-video:
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld #ObamaCare twice! I am the only one who will #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
I ’ m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, & allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice & freedom for consumer.
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, & replace it w / something much better.
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper & have been consistent - I will repeal all of #ObamaCare, including the mandate, period.
A message from! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video:
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Tonight I will be on with at 10pm and w / at 10:10 pm. Enjoy! #VoteTrumpSC #Trump2016
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSC
Join us Saturday night - for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party! #SCPrimary #Trump2016
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #Trump2016
Response to the Pope:
Thank you South Carolina! Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpSC
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you America! #Trump2016
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC #Trump2016
THANK YOU AMERICA! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Nevada! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1 % in Nevada!
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1 %, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, , and just go home.
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I won't, and yet he got zero against me - no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
., who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace - saying the most horrible things about me on.
Will be interviewed by tonight by phone - a late show first. Enjoy! #Colbert #LSSC
Thank you, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you to the 2,500+ in North Augusta, South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday!
#TeamTrump is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero. #MaitnerStrong
Just sat down for a great interview with in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! #VoteTrumpSC
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you! #VoteTrumpSC
What a night! 10,000 amazing supporters in Greenville, South Carolina! THANK YOU! VOTE on Saturday! #VoteTrumpSC
Thank you for your continued support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ: #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSC
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private " Eminent Domain " - - - Just another clueless politician!
Jeb used Eminent Domain & took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. ( 2/2 )
I'd like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue & never revealed that he used Eminent Domain - when criticizing me! ( 1/2 )
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
This shows what a complete & total liar Ted Cruz is - he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really?
#GOPDebate #GoogleTrends
Hey - see how I beat your boy Ted - in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! #GOPDebate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
All polls have me winning debate big - Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred - totally dishonest!
How can beat Hillary Clinton - if he can't beat anyone else on the #GOPDebate stage with $ 150M? I am the only one who can!
Thank you! I miss my father.
Lightweight said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas - Lie! #GOPDebate
On the way to the #GOPDebate with my wonderful wife.
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again - same dirty tricks he used w / - saying I may not be on ballot & I hold liberal positions. LIES!
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington & Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
Thank you, South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
" Get on Trump's List " email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. Email:
Totally unauthorized, do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America ( 2,000 ) being eliminated for move to Mexico - via Hartford Courant.
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Word is that little Morty Zuckerman’s loses more than $ 50 million per year---can that be possible?
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w / out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
If doesn’t clean up his act, stop cheating, & doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $ 1M from me, they went hostile w / a series of incorrect & ill-informed ads.
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $ 1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get.
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican. Visit: Message from:
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
Lying Cruz put out a statement, “ Trump & Rubio are w / Obama on gay marriage. " Cruz is the worst liar, crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin & others?
THANK YOU - Baton Rouge, Louisiana! WE will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
Just landed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w /. How can he preach Christian values?
Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core - - - keep education local!
THANK YOU - Clemson, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SCPrimary
Like the worthless, looks like will be going out of business. Bad reporting - no money, no cred!
Worthless, which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless, has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
Thank you, New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now! #FITN #NHPrimary
You can find your polling locations at: #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! #VoteTrumpNH Video:
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena - New Hampshire! #VoteTrumpNH #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH Voting questions?
#VoteTrumpNH #NHPrimary #FITN
Now that Bush has wasted $ 120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
Today's third stop - Londonderry, New Hampshire! Thank you! #FITN #VoteTrumpNH
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don’t get things done. Video:
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $ 100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration.
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall - in Salem, New Hampshire. #FITN #NHPrimary
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50
Thank you - Plymouth, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary
Thank you Newt!
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! 5K +! Join us tomorrow:
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast this morning! #FITN #VoteTrumpNH
. #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy!
I am on now! Tune in!
I will be on State of the Union with at 9am. Enjoy!
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center - Manchester, New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now:
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS - I will create borders & the drugs will stop pouring in.
Border agent: " We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether "
I said this was happening long ago - I will stop this immediately!
It never ends!
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration, even with criminals.
10,000 people in South Carolina, unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow - love it.
Really dumb. Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday, February 10th! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow. #NewHampshire #FITN #VoteTrumpNH
Join us Monday, February 8th @ the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPolitics #Trump2016
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8p m on from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire, boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll, very nice!
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I won’t let them take away our guns! #Trump2016 Watch:
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone, a misdemeanor at minimum.
. - as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
#ICYMI: & discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa - as they went to vote.
Thank you &. Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch.
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock, Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K. #Trump2016
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w / Trump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #VotersSpeak:
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for " deceit and dirty tricks and lies. "
Cruz just lied again - I am, and have been totally against #ObamaCare - repeal and replace!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated - a total fraud!
This was sent out from Ted Cruz - as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #CruzFraud
On my way to New Hampshire - expecting a big and spirited crowd! #FITN #Trump2016
Join us! #CaucusForTrump 11am WATERLOO: 1:30 pm CEDER RAPIDS:
. & his wife attended the #SnowflakeGardenBrunch - here w / Governor.
Watch show you how easy it is to #CaucusForTrump in Iowa! #IACaucus Video:
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrump
It is time to take back our country - and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #CaucusForTrump Video:
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump
#IACaucus #CaucusForTrump #iCaucused #iVoted
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. Video:
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers, behind the scenes in Iowa! #CaucusForTrump
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump Tickets:
Thank you for all of your support Iowa! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #IACaucus finder:
They say that if I participated in last night’s Fox debate, they would have had 12 million more & would have broken the all time record.
Thank you, America! #Trump2016 Via
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque, Iowa! #IACaucus #Trump2016
Thank you - Nashua, New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
" Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU! " John Wayne Walding
Thank you! Mitchell FOX 2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents. Trump 47 % Clinton 43 %
Great Twitter poll - and I wasn't even there. Thank you! #GOPDebate
Thank you for your interest & support during last nights #GOPDebate! #IACaucus finder:
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll!
Thank you for your support!
Thank you, America!
#IACaucus • 2/1 / 2016 • 6:30 pm #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Iowa caucus finder: #GOPDebate
Thank you for the kind words tonight,. You were great! See you soon!
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely. #ThankAVet Video:
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $ 6,000, 000.00 while the politicians talked! #GOPDebate
Watching biased Charles, a flunky who didn't know that I won every debate, in particular - the last one. Check polls!
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:
Tennessee GOP Poll Trump 32.7 % Cruz 16.5 % Carson 6.6 % Rubio 5.3 % Christie 2.4 % Jeb 1.6 %
It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! #Trump4Vets
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done! #Trump2016
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:
On Greta, 87 % of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow - what an honor!
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
Thank you - Lexington, South Carolina! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It was the childishly written & taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter,.
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists & special interests.
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001 #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Pathetic attempt by to try and build up ratings for the #GOPDebate. Without me they'd have no ratings!
Thank you, America! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
" Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation "
" Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump " #Trump2016
THANK YOU! #Trump2016 #IACaucus finder:
Great honor - Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location at - so important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will end common core. It's a disaster. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
" Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News / WaPo poll with 37 %:
Thank you - Farmington, New Hampshire! #FITN #Trump2016
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. #FITN
Phyllis Schlafly’s Eagle Forum: ‘National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year’
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd - looking forward to it! #FITN
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Cruz going down fast in recent polls - dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll # ' s are way down!
I will be on with from 5-7 pm est. on.
Find out where to #VoteTrump on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1 / 16! #IACaucus #FITN #Trump2016
Join us in Iowa, tomorrow! #IACaucus #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 3:00 pm: 7:30 pm:
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. #Trump2016 Video:
IPSOS / REUTERS POLL Thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Fox News Poll Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN #Trump2016
New Fox News Poll Thank you, Iowa! #Trump2016 #IACaucus
I will make our Military so big, powerful & strong that no one will mess with us. #Trump2016
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. review-doomed
Word is that crying left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges.
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa.
I will be on FOX with the great tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! #Trump2016
. such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!
For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location at So important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house - overflow!
A wonderful story on Iowa voters by of the.
Failing lost all credibility. Not only was he fired @ FOX, he would have voted for Clinton over McCain.
Based on ' s conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. #Trump2016 #VoteTrump
A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me. #Trump2016
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w / Wall St. & is funded by Goldman Sachs / Citi, low interest loans. No legal disclosure & never sold off assets.
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator - only when he started to run for #POTUS. He could be Canadian Prime Minister.
Cruz says I supported TARP, which gave $ 25 million to Goldman Sachs, the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. Puppet!
The only reason irrelevant doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
., one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that?
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb - - - mom can't help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin.
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs / Citi loans or Canada?
Rush Limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush! #Trump2016
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
Just received the new Fox poll. Thank you, America! #Trump2016
New National GOP Zogby Poll #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
" National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump " #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
New Reuters poll! Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Wow! This might be my highest # yet! Thank you to my opposition - you are totally ineffective & have been for years!
The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.
National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Thank you, Iowa! #FITN #IACaucus #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Why does have a fired Bushy like dummy, John Sununu on - spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot, she wants no part of Trump.
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you, New Hampshire! #Trump2016
Thank you! #Trump2016
Thank you, Iowa! #Trump2016
New Day on CNN treats me very badly. is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 UNIFYING THE NATION Video:
New CNN / WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you! #FITN #Trump2016
Bob Dole Warns of ‘Cataclysmic’ Losses With Ted Cruz, and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times:
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN #Trump2016 #NHPolitics
Thank you, Florida! #Trump2016
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks!
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with to Tulsa - massive crowd expected!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 LIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCE Video:
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement tonight. Video:
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment:
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ECONOMY - VIDEO:
“Palin’s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower,” said Ralph Reed, the chairman of the Faith & Freedom Coalition.
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter... read:
In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. Up by 14! Cruz dropped 3.
Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University, yesterday -.
Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support. #Trump2016
. - Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy & I really appreciate your words & support. I will see you soon!
On my way to Iowa - just received new national poll numbers. Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people, including Karl Rove, losers-true! I never called my friend a loser - he’s a winner!
. Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship [ 14th Amendment ] Gives #TeamTrump credit.
. great job on. Thank you for the very smart and kind words!
". Exclusive: Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than #CBNNews #2016 "
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd, unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki!
We launched a new series of #Trump2016 videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch:
A great morning with everyone! Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now. #Trump2016
Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. #Trump2016
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us #Obamacare.
Thank you for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH & IA radio ad:
Big announcement in Ames, Iowa on Tuesday! You will not want to miss this rally! #Trump2016
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan.
Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about & demeaning?
Wow! Ted Cruz received $ 487K in campaign contributions, $ 11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, & $ 1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite
Departing NH now - great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth - in a snow storm! Thank you!
Greatly dishonest of to file a financial disclosure form & not list his lending banks - then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
When will give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money, does another for votes.
Great new numbers. Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Top searched candidate by state, as seen in the #GOPDebate media filing center. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
WSJ / NBC Poll: Donald Trump Widens His Lead in Republican Presidential Race. #Trump2016
.: " Trump's appeal to evangelicals is real " #Trump2016
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures & images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign, his book, etc. Why does put him on?
Why does & waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist, Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?
. - unbelievable job on #FoxNews with. That was better than I could do! #Trump2016
THANK YOU! #VoteTrump
THANK YOU, IOWA! Highly respected poll just released. #VoteTrump #IowaCaucus
Thank you! #VoteTrump
My nomination would increase voter turnout. #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you for your support last night, Iowa! #VoteTrump #Trump2016 #IACaucus #FITN #IAPolitics
Just found out that is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice, but OK! New polls are great.
The #SOTU speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch!
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. #SOTU
New CBS poll. #Trump2016
Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you! #IACaucus #FITN
Such a serious problem for Ted & the GOP. Great doubt, Dems will sue! Let's all work together to solve this problem.
THANK YOU! #Trump2016
Will be on with on at 11:35 pmE. Enjoy! #Trump2016
New Iowa poll. Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
. is retiring their elephants - - the circus will never be the same.
Congratulations to of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
So professional of news to throw out the failing newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive, highly unethical!
Great job on Fox this morning. I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
Congratulations to my friend on winning a #GoldenGlobe. A wonderful guy - who has created something special - well deserved!
Why does w / allow a hater & racist like to waste good airtime? can do much better than him!
Thank you to our law enforcement officers! #LESM #Trump2016
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters, try getting a new publisher!
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH.
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
If their highly unethical behavior, including begging me for ads, isn’t questionable enough, they have endorsed a candidate who can’t win.
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate.
Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch...
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
Will be on Meet the Press with tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
I'm protesting the from having anything to do w / ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!
( 2/2 ) David brilliantly tells it like it is - - the real deal! Read it!
( 1/2 ) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person.
., watched on and appreciate your statements - - - I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you.
Thank you, - Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion & do what is right.
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in - - 5,000 turned away. Thank you for coming!
#FoxNews Poll - THANK YOU! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Love seeing union & non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their #Dem leaders can’t compete!
I hope all workers demand that their reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Don’t let them sell you out!
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd - - - look forward to it!
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable!
Do you believe that in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them, just received:
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son,! Very proud of you!
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support!
By the way, Hillary & the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in the Al-Shabaab terror video.
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.
Thank you for your support in Biloxi, MS! Let's ALL get out & VOTE in 2016, so we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you #Biloxi, #Mississippi! Remember this night & spread the word to get out & #VoteTrump2016!
Heading to Biloxi, Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump2016
Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! 2015 IN PHOTOS:
#VoteTrump2016 & together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! THANK YOU for your support!
Happy New Year from #MarALago! Thank you to my great family for all of their support.
#HappyNewYearAmerica!
HAPPY NEW YEAR & THANK YOU!
THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Let's not forget to get family & friends - out to VOTE IN 2016!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son,! Very proud of you! #TBT
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now.
Great poll - thank you Nevada! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I'm going to be live with and to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to tomorrow night!
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina! #Trump2016
Joe McQuaid ( ) is desperately trying to sell the. It's a loser, and my comments haven't helped him much.
The dying newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them - like a bully that got knocked out!
THANK YOU Council Bluffs, Iowa! The silent majority, is silent no more! #Trump2016 #FITN
Joe McQuaid ( ) of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical.
The great people of New Hampshire, who I love, are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid ( ) of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didn't do his failed debate!
I hope does better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings, which were a total disaster for Republicans & America!
" Minorities line up behind... Donald Trump " #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you - Nashua, New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #NHPolitics #FITN
Thank you! #Trump2016
Thank you to a #Trump2016 supporter for this video of my campaign - over the past 6 months. Video:
Thank you! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Story:
A great Christmas movie & perfect #TBT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Story:
Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The silent majority - is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you America! Together - we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
For those on TV defending my use of the word " schlonged, " bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM
NPR's said " schlonged " to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale / Ferraro campaign: " That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls. " #Hypocrisy
Once again, #MSM is dishonest. " Schlonged " is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got " schlonged " that meant beaten badly.
Women defy media narrative, love Trump at packed Michigan rally. VIDEO:
Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months, the media panned their cameras!
THANK YOU America! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you - Michigan! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you - New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
THANK YOU Grand Rapids, Michigan! Time to end political correctness & secure our homeland!
, thanks for your support - it is very much appreciated!
Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is ' last hope for America '
Great poll out of Illinois! Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
My friend, of, bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in!
We need a #POTUS with great strength & stamina. Hillary does not have that. #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you America! post-debate poll with + / - from previous poll. #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Another new post-debate poll. THANK YOU! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE! #VoteTrump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
As I have been saying. Only the beginning: " ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey, 150 European Passports Seized. "
New Reuters poll - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#ISIS is making $ 400M / year on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil!
There is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as #POTUS. #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Will be on in 20 minutes on. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
I will be doing tonight at 8: 00pmE from Mesa, Arizona - will be talking about the #GOPDebate & more.
Will be on tonight at 11:35 pmE on. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you, - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor. #Trump2016
We're not talking about religion; we're talking about security. #GOPDebate
#GOPDebate #Trump2016
Departing for #GOPDebate. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
New PPP poll just released in Iowa - up 6 points from last poll. Leading w / 28 %! Don't worry - media won't report it!
., what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects & my friend, I won't forget!
#TheRemembranceProject
Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
What an evening in Las Vegas, Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued support. #Trump2016
, horrible defense of me against highly overrated. I will bring more people into the party & easily beat Hillary!
Why doesn't use the #CNN Iowa poll?
Thank you. Great work on. #Trump2016
Thank you for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected for the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
. - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the #GOPDebate.
. was great on. Thank you Pat! #Tump2016
Thank you. Very nice! #Trump2016
Another great accolade for. Highly respected Golf Odyssey - awarded Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
Record of Health: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
EXCLUSIVE: Newt Gingrich: ‘The Country Is in Rebellion,’ Trump Can ‘ Kick Down the Doors’
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I will be on CNN's - State of the Union tomorrow morning at 9amE.
New CNN Iowa poll - - - Trump 33, Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Don't trust Des Moines Register poll - biased towards Trump!
Thank you General. #Trump2016
A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Reports say #ISIS now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so.
John Podesta says nominee will be Cruz b / c last person Hillary wants to face is Trump! Use your head folks! 46-41!
Getting the support of of UFC means a lot. A total winner, who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!
., so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me, thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!
Thank you! #Trump2016
I had a great time in Des Moines, Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the support. #Trump2016
. you were great with on tonight. Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.
Dopey Prince wants to control our U. S. politicians with daddy’s money. Can’t do it when I get elected. #Trump2016
Thank you &! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you! We are at 35 % in new Reuters poll with # 2 coming in at 12 %. Time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
I will not let you down! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tom Ridge is a failed ' Bushy ' & PA Governor. Him & his friend shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary - nobody listens!
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w / your faulty thought process. I will win!
Never get good # ' s from failing Des Moines Register / Bloomberg. I think something's going on w / them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN.
Great news in Georgia! The just out Landmark poll shows me in first with 43 %! Wow.
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin - 45 to 40!
In Britain, more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.
Thank you to. I have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!
An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you!
Thank you for your support! Being #PoliticallyCorrect will NOT #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas:
Thank you for all of your support, South Carolina! #Trump2016
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false report.
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe! #Trump2016
A new poll indicates that 68 % of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP & ran as an independent.
Thank you for the support, South Carolina! #USSYorktown #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC. #Trump2016
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights - - I believe #ISIS needs to surrender!
On my way to Charleston / Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it! #USSYorktown
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration:
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred & danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
Thank you Iowa! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!
Today we honor the fallen at #PearlHarbor, 74 years ago today. If you see a vet today, thank them! #RememberOurVets
May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world, health & happiness! Happy Hanukkah!
I have been saying it for sometime now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks!
Thank you America! Together, we will all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
. & should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you for reporting the truth. #Trump2016
, you copied incompetent incorrect story. I'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy.
., 3rd rate reporter & @ CBS lied. Finished in normal manner & signed autos for 20min. Dishonest!
A great day in both Spencer & Davenport, Iowa! THANK YOU for the support! #Trump2016 #FITN #IAPolitics
Re CRIPPLED AMERICA - - I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts!
Done by a real fan! #TRUMP
A great night in Raleigh, North Carolina! THANK YOU! #Trump2016
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts.
Good news, disloyal stock is in a total free fall. Don't shop there for Christmas!
Congratulations, Chuck. Must be wonderful to have Donald Trump as your guest - - - #BeCool! #Trump2016
A total refutation of the disgraceful David Brooks column in the failing by the:
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you!! #Trump2016
Thank you, New Hampshire! Great people - - see you next week!
Via:
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
Thank you so much for the wonderful article, Robert Davi.
Thank you! Vote in 2016! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you! #Trump2016
CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends & family. Order signed copy & join me at 7:30 pm, live streaming!
Why can't get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!
Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction.
Thank you CBS & Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many, many witnesses. #Trump2016
Join me at 2:00 pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook & Periscope!
Illegal immigrant children, non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate
The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell. #Trump2016
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record, almost all polls showed I won all debates.
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger, Jennifer Rubin, a real dummy, never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?
Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9/13 / 2001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to.
Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on 9/14 / 01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies?
A great night in Macon, Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together, we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
We better be vigilant, careful, and strong.
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5,000, a record, but 12,000 showed up! Great love in the air!
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier & will be landing soon! See you there. #Trump2016
I will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Pollster Trend National GOP Average 223 national polls & 33 pollsters. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Great new poll numbers! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016

Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI via
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY & IS RIGHT: MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 9/11 HERE! WE SAW IT!
Thank you for your continued support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Myrtle Beach, South Carolina #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
New national poll released. Thank you America! #Trump2016
Thank you for your nice words for the nice words on with Chris Wallace. #FNS #Trump2016
What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out.
Just left Columbus rally of 14,000 people - - - a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening, incredible spirit in the arena!
Going to Ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate, loves #ObamaCare--dummy!
. thank you for the nice comments recently, especially on. My family & I greatly appreciate your kind words.
Great poll numbers! Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I find that is a far more professional operation than.
. ccolvinj is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job! #LEO #LESM #Trump2016
Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham, Alabama! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It's too bad so few people showed up to Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try & be there - and they'll have a huge crowd!
Thank you John Nolte for wonderful analysis & reporting.
Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, & Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true, they're so easy to beat!
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you.
A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $ 1,000 to register in New Hampshire & dropped out the next day. Such a waste!
Join us at 10pmE on with! #MeetTheTrumps #ABC2020
#ICYMI: I joined #OnTheRecord with on this evening. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tune into the legendary at 10pmE on tonight. #MeetTheTrumps for a full hour #ABC2020!
. is weak on illegal immigration & totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #POTUS!
. should focus on running #NYC & all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, & not be so focused on me!
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U. S., & probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC, , just called me a blow hard!
Thank you for a great afternoon, South Carolina! See you next Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism & have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America
My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary tonight - 10pmE.
., a Fox contributor, isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border. made the point far better!
A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum! #Trump2016 #IAForums
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure!
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete & total dud!
John Kasich fell right into President Obama’s trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
Doesn’t help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else - he’s almost last.
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates, but it was easy — he came in dead last!
Kasich has already spent $ 6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!
Watch Kasich squirm - - - if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that I don’t want to waste my money.
John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.
Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign & debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $ 2.5 million against me.
Thank you Worcester, Massachusetts! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Just the beginning & it is going to get worse. Rates & deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it.
I told you! Premiums are soaring! #RepealObamacare #Trump2016
Thank you for your support! Together we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
Thank you for all of your support! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016
Just received a copy of new book - - a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
Great poll numbers out of. Thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just leaving Knoxville, TN - - - what a crowd, what amazing people! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I agree! The headline says it all. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Discussing #SyrianRefugees with on back on 10/3 / 2015. #ISIS
Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. It's all very simple, we want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
Boy is this guy tough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter, he should be ashamed of himself! #Trump2016
They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. #Trump2016
Thank you for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. #Trump2016
Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better!
Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support & this evening! #Trump2016 #IACaucus
First candidate in Virginia with over 16,000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will be on with at 7PM. Tune in! #Trump2016
I will be on with tonight at 6PM. #Trump2016
Macy’s was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed! #BoycottMacys
Thank you for showing the was wrong. So dishonest!
From 2 % to 27 % in Texas - quite a jump into first place!
Thank you & - - a great show! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will be on live from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you South Carolina! #Trump2016
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you to ' s Robert Rorke for the really nice review of #SNL. So many enjoyed it - very gratifying!
Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration & in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for #USA!
Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat & chugging water. He choked!
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldn’t hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
A great evening in Springfield, Illinois. Thank you for all of the support! #Trump2016
Great job on. Nobody could have done it better!
Getting ready for commercial.
Carson now admits his friend named " Bob, " who he tried to stab ( Bob was saved by his belt buckle! ), no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name!
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer, stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - don't people get it?
Rubio lied about my meeting w / Hispanic activists. I didn’t change my opinion but treated them w / respect. Shame!
Also, tune in to the at 7:00 am. I will be on to discuss the campaign, my new ads and #CrippledAmerica.
I will unveil my first campaign ads on at 6:30 am tomorrow. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wow! poll just came out. # 1 with 26 %! Almost as importantly, I am the strongest on economic issues by far! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I will be on tonight at 10pmE talking about my new book #CrippledAmerica and much more! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Join me today, Nov 3rd, in #TrumpTowerNYC at noon. I'll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in #TrumpTower in NYC. I'll be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time & money!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy!
. said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show, , on Monday ( 2:30 pm EST ).
My interview on with had a 40 % + ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20 % over last week.
Post-Debate via. Thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I was # 1 on Twitter - - and so positive. Thank you!
Via: Who won the #GOPDebate?
CNBC poll: Trump won #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you!
Drudge Poll on who won the 3rd #GOPDebate. Thank you!
Thank you Colorado! An honor to win #GOPDebate Poll.
Thank you, Jonathan. Greatly appreciated!
Thanks,. You're great!
The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner. Thank you!
Thank you! #GOPDebate MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32 %!
Thank you Iowa! Great night---see you soon! #Trump2016
Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans:
Just out, wonderful poll in North Carolina. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media won't. #Trump2016
. is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he can't manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?
. had a tiny 300 person crowd at Senator Tim Scott's forum. I had thousands, and they had real passion!
. is totally lost - - he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign & not enough talking about America's future.
Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! #TrumpToday
I will be doing the live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpToday
Will be doing a sit down interview with on Sunday morning at 9:00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!
Tonight's official count - -7,943. An all time record for the Anderson Civic Center in SC! Thanks! #Trump2016
Amazing! Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
A great story in the New York Post - - - really well written!
Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!
Via Business Insider: Donald Trump's Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing -
Via CNET: Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance, Experts Say -
. is on the front page of the waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people – no pic!
Thank you for your very honest commentary. One thing, we do have great teams in IA, NH, SC and beyond.
., like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
No, you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
., At the debate you said your brother kept us safe - I wanted to be nice & did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 9/11.
In Massachusetts - - - the place is packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
A great new poll - 33 %!
Live from New York - November 7th!
Will be interviewed by on at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
Via Breitbart - " Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia "
With the fantastic ratings last weekend, &, I think it’s only fair that I go on w / Chris Wallace.
Will be interviewed on with tomorrow at 10:30 am EST. Enjoy!
My interview with on #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow on at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful.
. with had fantastic numbers last Sunday - - - Trump interview. Nice!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain
. just informed us that my interview last week on was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
I was so happy when I heard that, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
. ran into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to and good luck in the future!
. is a total low life - - - read his past tweets. A dummy with no “it” factor. Will fade fast.
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39 % - - - Wow!
Tune in to see me on with at 10am ET. Enjoy!
I will be on with tomorrow morning at 10:30 am ET on. Enjoy!
Just leaving Nashville, Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville - - back soon!
Pictures of my beautiful mother, amazing father, and family hanging in upstate, New York.
Congratulations to my brother Robert & Ann Marie on the success of in Dutchess County, New York ( Amenia. ) Great food!
Wow, the ratings for last night were their biggest in a year - - - very nice!
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at.
Just left Oklahoma - - - the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
Thank you
I will be on this Sunday. A great honor - - hope you enjoy it.
... Has worst attendance record in Senate - rarely there to vote on a bill!
. is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country...
Dishonest just called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, & Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
At the Old Post Office -
... Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
Great reception in D. C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
The failing news outlet, which I hear is losing lots of money, is really dishonest!
., which is not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest of the media outlets - - - and that is saying something.
. owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
Incompetent lost it tonight on. He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
I will be on the tonight at 11:30
#AskTrump
I had a great time at #AskTrump
#AskTrump Getting ready to answer your questions.
Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum &. I had a great time in Iowa today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#CNNDebate
#CNNDebate
The #CNNDebate was amazing - - - so much fun!
#CNNDebate Winning the poll -
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
Too many people on stage for debate. at 11th, with 2 % in, shouldn't be allowed to participate.
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, , didn't get the right gene.
Lightweight Senator should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky - - - a great state which is embarrassed by him.
Donald Trump Sends to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months., that is #HUGE!
Trump’s Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times.
. thank you so much for your kind words on television - - fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
Amazing crowd outside. Tune in tonight at 11:30.
. is a terrific guy and I wish him well - I know he will have a great future!
On with at 11:30 PM. Enjoy!
Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you, Robert.
Thank you. I am going to Make America Great Again!
Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, & Alex Skarlatos.
., You did a great job hosting. Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.
Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again!
Another great poll result! Thank you!
. I miss you all, and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. " weakness. "
Thank you readers - a great honor!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate
Wow! What a great honor from
Watch my interview with on today at 11:30 AM ET
Thank you for your service!
Thank you.
Thoughts & prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening.
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America!
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with ' El Chapo ', the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison?...
Sleep eyes is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price. I told you so!
I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!

. you never speak well of me & yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!
. what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b / c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US
. Please send me your new number, your old one’s not working. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump
Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U. S. A. contestants are hurt!
Make sure to follow me on. I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM.
Record crowd and standing ovation at Simpson College in Iowa - lots of fun, wonderful audience!
. admitted their scam. Phony and others are no better - - total joke!
With in Washington, D. C. Old Post Office under construction. Tune in tonight at 7PM EST!
Let’s together Make America Great Again! Vote Trump at
Don't miss the #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 8/ 7c with performances by and
. and friends at
#CelebApprentice Another exciting episode - tune in next Monday at 8p m for 2 more new episodes!
#CelebApprentice who do you think won?
#CelebApprentice What do you think of the new teams / PMs?
#CelebApprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight!
“: who who who... Say it just say it #CelebApprentice ” Watch and see what happens!
#CelebApprentice Time for the first firing of the night.
#CelebApprentice #TeamVortex or #TeamInfinity?
#CelebApprentice Selfies - yes or no?
#CelebApprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager?
#CelebApprentice We always make sure to have great NYC locations for the task delivery.
Let's go! #CelebApprentice
#CelebApprentice I will be live tweeting ( no spoilers ) during tonight's all new at 8P M ET.
. It was great having you play The Blue Monster. Thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best they've seen!
Can you imagine, with all of the talk about ObamaCare, technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. Our government is badly broken!
Lightweight NYS Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is trying to extort me with a civil law suit. See website
Wow, I just found out that in a major poll of its readers the voted me # 1 on the " power 100 " list in NY...
... I disagree, but it's still cool.
We have tremendous economic power over China if our leaders knew how to use it, which they don't! China's economy would collapse without us.
I will be live tweeting during the tonight at 9PM ET.
I'm at Trump Doral right now, Tiger will tee off shortly.
I'm saying that the Tea Party, perhaps by another name, will soon have another big moment - and will be a major factor in victory!
Good luck to Bob Kraft, Tom Brady, and Coach Bill Belichick tonight.
